1 the og ladies and gentlemen l.joe yo
you're the g2 virtual we can get each
other real knuckles I'm not I'm not like
I'm not crazy I'm not I'm not I'm not
like a paranoid person but I'll tell you
Joe you got me to leave my house for the
first time in five weeks
I'm so happy you left and I'm so happy
you got tested yeah the first time in
five weeks that I've left the house and
yeah I got tested and and everything's
great so but I'm not like you know
paranoid or anything like that just
spray down baby
how bad is all this Lysol for us stuff
is pretty good this is a real question
right how bad is all this Lysol yeah but
no great to be here thank you my
pleasure me and man what I haven't I
haven't left my house in five weeks I've
been isolating has a responsible citizen
right yes yeah and I feel good I feel
first of all I was excited to be here I
decided to have you here I posted that
I've been going through my computer's
I'm at home I'm going through my
computers and just killing time I live
alone okay I happen to be single at this
point in my life ladies there you go huh
right before this happened and I kind of
think to myself sometimes I think okay
imagine if I had been in a relationship
that hadn't been going well and this
happened and then you have to make the
decision to isolate with somebody I'm
not in that situation I'm home alone and
I've been talking a lot to my friends on
FaceTime and I've been socializing and
I've been you know living life in this
world but alone in my house I'm going
through my computers started going
through old footage I found that clip
from when you came up to my house back
in the day
and yeah I just I I saw this moment
where I just jump right into this if
that's cool sure because this I saw this
moment in the clip where we started
talking about my old web show and you've
come up to my house back Monday and it
was so cool that you came up then and I
remember at the time your website was
like way advanced right like it had all
sorts of extra stuff on it that people
weren't really doing on the web back
then and you came up we just start
talking about the web and I
because on my webmaster Andrew Blevins
shoutout to Andrew uh-huh he's a wizard
at web creating so I was always really
into the web stuff you know I had my
website I started my web site early when
I was you know up in Canada and I was
really thought that was cool and we
started talking about what I was doing
which was kind of crazy right
and then you just started talking about
you said you said what what what we
gotta do is figure out how we're gonna
make some money off this and I'm like
yeah and I'm like oh yeah I know it's
not I mean yeah I'd been trying I had
been trying I've been going to you know
advertisers instead they were like what
you know what what do you mean the
internet you know but it's kind of funny
that I saw that clip I thought that's
hilarious cuz you know not to not to you
know blow too much smoke up your ass but
clearly you figured hope how to make
money off of it and was hilarious I'm
like that's hilarious and prophetic
moment how could we make money off of it
now we're here in this beautiful studio
it was a few moments that really planted
a seed in my head to do something like
this online this yours was a big one
yeah donate your house and seeing how
you had servers you had full cables like
folks this room is not as sophisticated
as Tom Green's home was in 2007 that's
how crazy it was there was some weird
stuff in there yeah but you had it set
up like in it you had a whole internet
service provider set up at your house
like like you could have run like a
network in 2007 you had all those you
had that whole rack all that equipment I
walked in that room and it's humming and
I'm like holy shit uh-huh it was like
gr8 drive the gr8 drives yeah I was like
this is crazy this is your house and
that's like folks like back then you had
to have these cables that snake through
the house like so everything was taped
down I was like fuck dude this is like
you you literally turned your house into
a set mm-hmm like it was much more like
a set than anything I'd ever seen before
outside of a set it would light screwed
into the ceiling yeah I kind of trashed
my place I even figured out how to take
video calls from people that was
exciting that was exciting I had this
this yeah it is Tom Green yeah yeah yeah
and that the TV on the wall yeah and
there's my dog Steve oh poor Steve
oh and look I have don't have gray in my
beard look at that yeah young man back
this was probably around 2007 I guess
yeah and that's that was the back corner
of my living room there it's a gene you
can see all the wires going up see that
that's going up into the ceiling up
through the ceiling into the spare room
which I turned into the editing room
look how crazy all this equipment is
yeah dude you are so ahead of everybody
that's actually a little later actually
I'm looking at this now this is later
this is after okay so I can tell cuz
that's an actual that's not the
TriCaster that's an actual television
switcher I forget what model it's a Sony
switcher so you started with a TriCaster
and I've been called a Video Toaster
system first I had that for a year then
we got this the first version of the
TriCaster that's Victor who was working
on the show he's stoked that I'm here
today I still talk to Victor quite a bit
shoutout to Victor Victor what's up but
so yeah so that was a little later but
still kind of you know we're talking
three years later so 2010 ish yeah yeah
look at all your like your lighting and
everything like you had done it where
you would basically instead of like
putting cameras in your house you turn
your house into a studio it was like
legit mm-hmm I remember thinking oh my
god because Anthony cou Mia had a kind
of pretty high tech set up in his
basement yeah that was another
inspiration yeah yeah cuz he was doing
that while he was doing Opie and Anthony
and you know they actually his employers
at the time wanted him to stop doing it
they decided somehow another it's not he
shouldn't be allowed to do an extra show
right he's like but I'm just promoting
the serious show all right this is free
like we could see it it's fun so Anthony
would do karaoke with machine guns in
front of green screen uh-huh you still
still kicking ass on the intern wait he
has his own Network yeah actly yeah yeah
yeah I love that guy he's a he's a
unique dude he was great on Opie and
Anthony he was always really funny and
just like like a comic but he never did
standup yeah it's really interesting
he's like the most comic II comic guy
that I've ever met that never did
stand-up is Anthony Combe yeah 100%
could have been a great comic 100% I
think sometimes people that I mean I'm
just making this up right now but I
think sometimes people that have never
done stand-up who do
are afraid of it you know cause it's
like because they can they can is the
scary thing doing on stage you know in
front of an audience if you've never
done it before but you get comfortable
behind that mic but anyways yeah man it
was so cool when you came up because I
remember like I think there was like
Entertainment Tonight was there that day
or something like that or that and yes
that's right and you left this made this
quote to them and that went out and it
was defining what's happened you know
you were just saying you know like we
don't need the advertisers anywhere we
don't need the network's anymore we
don't you know we can't go straight to
the advertiser
I always is that video available
anywhere I think I saw it on the
Internet some glasses in you of me
saying that it's kind of hilarious if
you stop and think about how all this
internet stuff has played out since then
mm-hmm it's like Street and there was
this pre-youtube
right and like nobody was uploading to
YouTube you had to have your own Tom
Green Comm set up so I remember I got a
call this is one of those like you know
when you think about think back and you
sort of kick yourself I'm you know I was
it was so I mean how far in the weeds do
we want to get technically I was yeah
it's like people right there but here I
was I I had the cert that's the clip
those my backwards basket baseball hat
days so we were still in those days we
were hosting this stuff on this site
called bit gravity dot-com
so we would upload our shit to that
those the guys from Denver mm-hm no bit
gravity is San Francisco okay San
Francisco and Barrett Lyon is did you do
some stuff with some guys from Denver
that was that was sort of around the
same time they were that was mania TV
yeah and so they kind of but what I what
what I did was mania TV was the only
people that were really doing live
streaming and I said hey you know like I
want to build this TV studio and they
helped me build a studio but I wanted it
I wanted to be autonomous of them as
well so I got my own servers through
this company bit gravity where they
basically invented the technology to
upload video and then serve it out right
so I would link that to my website Tom
Green Comm completely autonomous of the
other webs
mania TV so you know it was some funny
shit that happened there because you
know I remember like I think back ago I
really made a few mistakes like I go I
want all the stuff to be on my website
right and then YouTube started you know
what's this so YouTube uh that's cool
they're doing a thing out of an
apartment in San Fran I remember at one
point somebody called me from YouTube is
it hey man we really like what you're
doing with your thing I'm like oh that's
cool cool man yeah yeah I'm kind of
doing my own thing over here yeah that's
cool I like what you're doing too and
never really kind of connected with them
cuz I thought I was thinking at the time
it's got to all be on your server right
so you have those views not thinking
okay we could have it out spread it send
it up just get the eyeballs on it so but
it was it was exciting it was exciting
time everybody thought that I mean no
one could've ever saw what YouTube had
been yeah or has become yeah it's great
what's crazy about YouTube is that
there's not another one that's just
YouTube it's like there's Vimeo and a
few other fairly popular video sites
yeah but it's like the XFL compared to
the NFL or something like that not even
the XFL is done right do they just go
under yeah it's done you know now it's
like comparing the two of them because
all those other video things it's like
yeah you'll get some views well it's
just YouTube for whatever reason
captured they have the market it never
became MySpace you won't remember
YouTube now something as simple as
uploading video yeah I mean obviously
it's complex right like just being able
to get it onto the website and make sure
it streams and all the technical stuff
super complex but just the concept is
pretty simple you with your phone or a
video camera you film it you can upload
it like real simple anybody can do it
and then anybody all sudden get views
like that is amazing that one company
has that locked up it's kind of crazy
cuz you would think that like boy that
would be something that everybody would
want to get involved in look how much
money YouTube is making yeah I would I
would I haven't thought about that but I
guess kind of not the amount of of
advancement that happens every six
months in in technology and they've got
the funding to be able to stay right on
top of it and just make it the strongest
platform possibly I don't know
even Twitter like how they do that
there's like one Twitter yeah I mean
there's Facebook and I guess people hold
discussions on Instagram but if I read
what do one things that drives me crazy
about Instagram it's like if I go to
your page and I'm reading one of your
captions someone will say something in
response to someone they like hey fuck
you dick boy or whatever and then I try
to click and find out what they were
talking about mm-hmm and I get to the
beginning of the comments and then I
only go through all the comments to try
to figure this out like why can't I just
click so do you do that you get into the
comments you're you're another able shit
okay people to talk about you like just
go ahead yeah if you really get into it
and start reading it's like oh good and
bad yeah both of them are equally toxic
that's pretty good you believe the the
bad you like oh my god this guy hates me
so much it's a pretty good you know form
of restraint though to not be curious
and to go read well you're always
curious the key is just not giving in to
it mm-hmm
it's just listen there's a lot of time
in a day but not if you spend it doing
stupid shit you know you those things
are not beneficial most of them are a
waste you know like most of like the
reading comments or get getting into it
with people that's the big one when you
see people like arguing with fans and
going back and forth like that is that
is a trap
you're only gonna respond to the
negative ones you know if you're
responding to the positive ones and the
negative ones people trying to get your
attention some of them don't even mean
what they're saying they just
fifteen-year-old kids and want to rile
you up it's like is that a way to talk
to people
uh-huh the way to talk to peoples like
this hi what's up we're in front of each
other that's how people talk when
they're just being around people this is
that we're supposed to talk yeah all
this other shit is too confusing for us
oh yeah we don't know how to handle it
yeah and I've I've fallen into that trap
for sure I've gone through sort of
cycles of the way I handle comments I've
become an indiscriminate blocker who is
what I do now
the first sign of negativity is a broom
some people say oh that's not very
democratic but what whatever the way I
look at it in
you create an environment yeah I'm
trying to create a positive environment
on my social media and but the problem
is and what you're saying is making me
second-guess myself to be honest with
you because I know I spent far too much
time on that shit and I'm thinking man I
really should just not read that stuff
time is precious
yeah it's precious even now when people
are forced to not work you can do one of
two things right you could either drink
all day which a lot of people are doing
there's a hilarious video of this guy
who's out jogging in his neighborhood
just passed by people's recyclables
point out all the empty wine bottles and
empty vodka bottles and he just jogs
over let's see what this guy's got boom
same shit whiskey why bam-bam-bam
people are just getting lit up you could
do that or you could use this time to
get in shape you could use this time to
write out a workout program you could
use this time to start reading books
online you know you could you don't have
to leave your house you have a Kindle
just or you know or one of those Barnes
knows Barnes & Noble the Nook cuz that's
still around our Barnes and Nobles still
real bookstores they still have books
you think they don't know if they still
have books about books or as I've been
doing before after this that's really
gonna that kind of that kind of old
media you know tangible media and that's
really gonna because people are getting
losing their old habits now you know
it's true I can't go to a bookstore now
you sure Kendall and all these things
are taken and bookstores were hurting
already because of Amazon because you
just order it online like I'm on a book
it's there tomorrow yeah there's
something about that like not having to
leave and now the people getting used to
getting groceries delivered if you live
in a neighborhood that has a grocery
store that delivers you can just order
online they'll send it to your house
so I've like I said I haven't left my
house in five weeks this first time I
left it's like a castaway type deal
mm-hmm were you like a prisoner with an
ankle brace Joe Joe Rogan calls you come
okay but no one else would have gotten
me out of my house really yeah
absolutely
Oh nobody else but I was I was very you
know I'm honored to be here I love the
show to have you but no listen I I have
gotten good at living in my house
without leaving I first of all one thing
that was weird
and I actually
find it's strange actually I find this
strange about four weeks before shit
went down right for whatever reason it
was happened it was it was in like it
was in Italy I think it was bad over
there I I'm not by any means doomsday
prepper or anything like that you know
in fact I'm the opposite I strive always
said to myself if something went wrong
you know I'd have like I don't have like
one day's supply of food or something
like that my house and I went before the
rush on the toilet paper all that stuff
I went and I got non-perishable food
I got sardines I read articles about
what's good protein I got you know beans
I got rice I got such stocked up my
pantry with stuff I've got about a
month's supply of food not thinking that
I was actually going to actually I mean
I knew it was possible there was
glimmers of it they were starting to
talk about it but nothing I was actually
going to be locked in my house and then
all of a sudden it happened and just
were being smart like wouldn't it be
nice if I did have a month's supply of
food yeah I talk about this stuff a lot
with my friends and we're always sort of
talking about the possibilities of
things but you know you didn't think it
was actually it happened so then it
happened so then I've discovered some
delivery services that deliver groceries
but who are the people delivered it and
are they healthy
so so here's the thing though that so
yeah I do I do not interact with them oh
Jesus yeah they touched right again
again again just just to be safe I I did
disinfect them and then I take them and
I put them in with gloves with rubber
gloves and put them into a another room
and I let it sit for three days for the
virus to die and then then I start
eating then I start eating I wish there
was a clear answer to all this I wish
there was a clear solution to all this I
tell you talking to you is making me
feel better well I feel better reading
the latest statistics about the
mortality rate I wonder what the action
there's an infection rate
hospitalization rate mortality rate and
what was it was the study that was was
at UCLA as I would
was for sure and it showed of a very low
fatality rate in comparison to infection
so that's good news but the bad news is
this you know it could still kill a lot
of fucking people and people that are
immune compromised people with diabetes
people that are overweight people with
lung problems people with cigarette
habits all those and particularly one of
the nurses was saying people who were
into the jewel people who smoked with
jewel they said there's a high instance
that there that he personally was seeing
of people
was it the heat nurse or this she nurse
told me this no what I was wondering you
know I remember like it's like one month
before this happened there people were
having lung issues because of vapes and
that what do you think that was gone a
virus well it was a big thing like for
like we had that explains by animates
maybe that was Corona we had that
explained to us by Adam curry no it
wasn't really what it appeared to be
what it really was is a concerted effort
to conflate two things that were
happening one these assholes that made
like really shitty low-level THC vape
pens I got people sick and pettite a
couple people died I forget how many
people died was it like ten people died
Jamie something like that Adam Curry
told us the whole story in the podcast
then the cigarette companies or whoever
is behind this and tried to get all
tobacco vapes banned and they're trying
to ban Lee I just fixing my shot could
and when it be on camera I don't on the
mic pocket blot my face but you're extra
handsome that's the first thing I've
touched you in flesh ripping about sorry
oh yeah you're grossed out by too much
sanitizer that's good sanitizer but it's
not good I know a guy used that stuff
all the time he's getting warts all over
his hands now because his his immune
systems all fucked up oh and sanitizing
cons too Carlin bit yeah well that's
really what happens like you're not
supposed to use antibacterial soap you
need bacteria yeah it's great bit when
we would in jiu-jitsu sometimes guys
would get staph infections or
ringworms a big one and ringworm they
would use antibacterial soap and it
would wind up fucking up their whole
body and they'd wind up getting it more
often like they think oh I'm just using
antibacterial soap all the time you're
killing all the healthy shit on your the
outside of your skin and then you wonder
why you're getting sick all the time you
wonder why your skin is getting infected
and you're not like that normally but
honestly is the first one that well
actually that when you made me that
coffee earlier mmm-hmm whatever that
coffee was which was amazing that's the
Laird Hamilton stuff that's black rifle
coffee mixed with Laird Hamilton's
turmeric which is just some Hawaii
surfer yeah yeah yeah it's so good right
oh my god I know coconut milk whoa it's
nice yeah good for you super healthy
that's the first thing that someone pops
yet that I've touched in over a month
that someone else had touched definitely
other things you just forgot well no
one's been in my house that's true you
haven't left the house at all so no I've
touched the groceries but I first
disinfected so it's but I don't I don't
expect to be like this forever well
that's the question when do we go back
did you see the Mayor of Las Vegas yeah
this is not China this is Las Vegas
Nevada so there's a line that you know
on this end of the spectrum it's
complete casual lackadaisical approach
to what's going on there's this end of
the spectrum which is I guess me right
now right and then there's the middle
weight which is more of yeah she on the
far end we're gonna open up Las Vegas
we're gonna have casinos open when are
the casinos gonna open winners comedies
gonna start again when are we going to
be back on the road telling jokes it's a
good question man my most everything
I've had I think has been moved there
was supposed to be some stuff in May
that I was doing in Des Moines Iowa and
somewhere else
and that that's getting moved and the
only thing that I have scheduled is July
and Vegas so I'm like I don't know if
that's real yeah that seems so crazy to
say that I don't know here in eight
whether or not I'll be able to do a gig
in July in Vegas you have the podcasts
you're doing the podcast you get your
adrenaline rush from that I'm assuming
you get an adrenaline rush from this you
get it from stand-up of course right is
it weird having an absence of that
stand-up comedy thing not just because
it's fun to do but just physically are
you feeling different not getting that
on stage energy rush every night no I
mean I need to go down there yes and no
but I know I know that I can't do
anything about it so I just shut it off
right I'm like I'm not gonna think about
that yeah you can't think about shit
that there's nothing you can do about
that it'll just drive you mad I heard
you're talking about that with Donnell
yeah oh okay
you can't to stand up right now that's
just what it is is what it is but look
man have you stopped the thing about
think about a guy that works at grocery
store okay yeah not the worst job in the
world but it's fine
now all of a sudden he's in a fucking
war zone
he's in a viral war zone he's got a hope
that some coughing motherfucker doesn't
give him a death sentence while he's a
restocking the rice mm-hmm right it's a
different word yeah different world for
them I mean what I just I can't I can't
go onstage for a while yeah yeah it's
terrible I feel bad for the comedy clubs
really I feel bad the waitresses and
waiters and the kitchen staff and the
managers and all the people that don't
have a paycheck coming in I feel bad for
them mm-hm and I'm happy to do a ton of
free shows when we come back I'll just
do do shows and donate all the money to
the Comedy Store or The Improv or
whoever happy to help but I think that
it is in for us in particular it's an
inconvenient thing yeah but it's not
life-threatening this is a
life-threatening time for some people
for nurses and hospital workers is a
life-threatening time for that Chicago
bus driver do you see that video the bus
driver yeah who's telling people please
be courteous don't be confident the
middle of pandemic and then he's dead a
few days drive
yeah horrific right that's this is see
this is why this disease is so fucked up
it just seems like for some people it's
a death sentence hmm and then for other
people it's nothing and that just
doesn't make any sense to me
just I'm clearly I'm not a doctor and
clearly this is a new virus but it's
just so weird that something could be
asymptomatic for a huge amount of people
but some people get it and they barely
even notice it they just feel a little
bit of fatigue some people get a little
bit of a cough for a couple days and
then nothing and other people are dead
like it's nuts it doesn't it doesn't
compute in my head like other things
could you know what I'm saying like so
have you ever been seriously ill yes
I've had the flu but I mean like I'm a
cancer survivor
right so to me not putting unsane the
flu is not seriously oh that's flu from
the flu right you die from the flu we
know this but so when I got cancer or my
show was on MTV things were going great
everything was going great you know I've
got my show on MTV people were watching
I'd been doing it on public access in
Canada for years six years I've been
working away making my own show because
you know I've noticed no one's ever
gonna give me a friggin show so I'll
make my own show right so did I did that
before the weather I did that first
written that's how I I always thought
like that you know also I'm on MTV
everything's great
Oh Oh feeling a little funny down there
fortunately I went to the doctor wait
which a lot of young people who get
testicular cancer thank you very much
what don't go to the doctor right away
so it spreads hmm and they die right I
went to the doctor I was lucky I went to
the doctor but for me having that happen
at that time was so bizarre just in the
you know I sometimes think if I'd gotten
if I had gotten that testicular cancer
one year earlier you know MTV wouldn't
have picked up the show yet so I would
have been in Canada dealing with it and
then probably they wouldn't have picked
up the show and my life would be
completely different that sort of change
that and sort of the the that you know I
don't believe there's coincidences
sometimes I don't believe in
coincidences sometimes I do i flip-flop
on that but but I basically because of
that what that sort of made me realize
is that like life's random it's not fair
shit can happen even if it is unlikely
it might happen to me
and because of that having dealt with
that and it just sucked man it sucked
having cancer like like because it
wasn't just about like you know removing
my right testicle right yes that sucks
enough you think that you know but it's
fine I got the left one it's fine it's
the middle one now it's fine it's doing
good but I'm doing a bit but no but the
thing is they also did a lymph node
dissection and it cut me open it was
painful I was in the hospital for six to
eight weeks or six weeks took years to
recover from that physically like pain
nerve dams just you know slowing down
your body and so I just go I don't want
to go through that again like I just I'm
happy to just stay in my house right now
cut up cut all you know cut cut you're
just completely like improve my odds I
don't really have anything to do right
now anyways you know I'm not touring I
have a lot of stuff that I love doing in
my house I'm working on my computer I'm
Pro Tools I like making music like
making hip-hop beats and stuff
you know but if for years I've had these
little details and that Pro Tools
program that I've not unlocked little
mysteries because I haven't had time to
go and figure out how to mix and do like
compression and do all the little things
that you do so I'm like going down that
rabbit hole I got my sound engineer
calling me and I'm like doing online
like doing on FaceTime like Pro Tools
lessons and I'm getting I'm having fun
with it and I'm thinking okay I'm doing
something with my self right now that is
positive I'm enjoying that and I'm
trying to avoid you know being
hospitalized again because I hate being
in the hospital sucks yeah makes sense
yeah are you doing anything differently
in terms of how you eat or health-wise
or nutrients or taking care of you
immune system yeah yes I well I heard
you say zinc on the show and I listen to
me first of all advice for me yeah well
no I I had already had the zinc I but
that confirmed that I was taking zinc so
a couple articles you should read on it
but yeah ink very good taking vitamins
multivitamin vitamins and then honestly
I'm not drinking
as much you know unfortunately YouTube
said that they're gonna take down
anything that doesn't coincide with the
World Health Organization's ruling on
you know what to do about this pandemic
what I mean their YouTube is taking down
things and now I now know how specific
they're gonna be about this but they
were saying alternate therapies like
vitamin C and things along those lines
which is kind of unfortunate mmm because
like unless they're not being that
strict about it because I would say if
someone was saying howdy if somebody
made a video someone who's a nutrition
expert and they made a video how to
protect your mount immune system from Co
vid 19 or maybe just protect your immune
system during the time of kovat 19 so
I'm saying that it's protecting it from
that but how to how to boost up your
immune system in this very dangerous
time in terms of viral infections
well there's there are strategies
there's things you can do like get more
sleep drink more water eat healthier and
keep your body healthy with nutrients
and making sure you're eating clean and
don't drink alcohol and don't smoke
cigarettes if you just do those things
like this is real like this has actually
been proven mm-hmm so I don't know what
you can get away with saying and what
you can't get away with saying but you
can't always just hope that doctors come
up with a cure because yes the doctors
are going to come up with a cure and yes
we need them to do that but you can't
always think that medicine is going to
fix you and you could just keep doing
what you've always been doing that got
you sick in the first place because a
lot of times when you get sick it has to
do with how you've been living not
always but a lot of times like is your
immune system already compromised or are
you already weak are you beating up your
body and abusing it and then BOOM then
you catch a cold mm-hmm we all know
that's true so advice on how to
strengthen your immune systems it's
important for everybody now if you want
people to say don't say that this is a
cure for kovat 19 it's gonna keep you
from getting Kovan 19 fine great but so
what like YouTube is gonna take a video
down that says this what I'm saying like
if you vitamins don't don't don't drink
alcohol or during the time it has to do
with coronavirus and it's contrary or
not in
the World Health Organization is
recommended which changes every two
weeks
well they fucked up here's where matters
don't wear masks wear masks don't wear
masks good to wear masks bad to wear
masculine but if somebody posted it on
their Twitter the other day from it
might have been Donald Trump jr. but
showed the world health or nose on
Instagram world health organization a
tweet from them from it was I guess it
was what time it was last year I think
it was last i think december or maybe
the beginning of this year but they were
saying that the world health
organization says that it cannot be
contracted from person to person
mmm this is a tweet that they put out
mm-hmm so you can't say how the hell do
you get at them well they didn't know
then directly from a Pangolin yeah yeah
to be there so don't worry about it this
is what they were getting Chinese
propaganda they were spreading but the
World Health Organization when they were
posting it that was that's absolutely
wrong we all know that's absolutely
wrong so if you say you have to listen
to what the World Health Organization
says well they've been wrong before
right and I want to know how much they
really know about nutrition how much do
they really know about health and
fitness like I'm looking at these people
they don't look the healthiest humans in
the world just fish someone's a
scientist you know saying doesn't mean
they're taking care of their own that's
a problem smart guy but he might not
work out and I've talked to a lot of
really brilliant people including
doctors they eat shitty food and don't
really work out so crazy I realized I
didn't have a lot of vegetables so I
ordered you know on Amazon which I'd
never used Amazon by the way on fresh
yeah they were taking too long to
deliver actually they actually aren't
weren't even delivering when I ordered
this but there's there's other stuff on
Amazon that's not Amazon fresh canned
corn okay I ordered like a couple dozen
cans of corn so I have that and I
sometimes will mix that in I've been
cooking so to stay healthy I've been
cooking I like to cook anyways I'd like
to cook anyways I believe you I just say
that twice like you're trying to
convince me yeah because it seems like
it might not be a believable thing but I
do like to cook no it just seems I just
you seem surprised by it so I figured
others might be but I'm not at all yeah
I like to cook but I'm not an X I just
kind of I kind of have a sense for
I know I can usually tell that I'm gonna
like it just by the smells of things and
so I'll like so I have canned corn
I've been cooking a lot of pasta I've
been you know I I have I have stuff do I
go alive on the Instagram story I do a
little cooking show
sort of like mean it's not I'm not
saying it's a cooking show but I do I do
whenever I cook I do a little Instagram
story I got these you know the San
Marzano tomatoes okay what are those
they're just like can of tomatoes but
they're cans of peeled tomatoes oh so
they're delicious tomatoes but they last
forever because there can't so I can
have a closet full of them in the last
forever and you'll always have Tomatoes
then I've got the the stuff when I make
pasta it's called like ragu okay or
prego sauce crazy that's exotic yeah
when I make sauce but I add that the
tomatoes to it thicken it up throw some
canned mushrooms in there why are you
buying ragout tomato sauce it's just to
have it don't do it no no it's just to
have it because in case of you know in
case like you know system is is if I
can't get food for a while I've got some
some backup food you know mmm cuz you
remember in the first few weeks of this
people were kind of thinking is is
everything gonna shut down right you
know so I made sure I had some canned
food you know like they said right but
why ragu there's other brands you get ya
wife prego - I've got the rag the ragu
is the alfredo sauce and the prego is
the marinara sauce but what I'm saying
is my cooking my personal recipe for
spaghetti don't just doesn't just heat
up the ragu put in some canned tomatoes
in it way better okay so I'm getting I'm
you know but I wouldn't normally do that
I wouldn't normally have canned corn I
wouldn't normally think about having
vegetables the kind of person that'll
eat rice so do you think you had a
premonition or do you think you saw what
was going on in China and you were like
you know what it would be a good move to
have a month worth of food here yeah
like it's not like some sort of a
superstitious thing you don't feel like
like the universe was sending you a
signal you need to go buy corn well I
watched one of your shows recently where
you're talking about I love this episode
where you're talking about are we living
in a simulation yes
so I was you know I love talking about
this stuff you know it doesn't mean that
I'm oh I think we're living in a
simulation oh I think that we you know
our doomsday is coming not necessarily
but I do love the thought experiment of
talking about it and thinking about it
and so after watching that show your
show I was really thinking about a lot
had a long conversation with my mom
about how you know we could be living in
a simulation you know what do you mean
well I mean you know
the computers are getting so fast I mean
they're gonna be able to program
computers that have conscious you know
that little character on a computer
might be able to start to think and then
its might start to be able to
self-determine and then we could just be
an advanced version of that and how
would we ever know and my mom's in there
and all what are you talking about and
then I had a pretty long day of talking
about this with my mom and trying to
convince her not that we're living a
simulation but that it's possible we
could be living in a simulation my
mother it wasn't really buying it right
and then two weeks later this happens
and I'm thinking it's like Fez were
living in a simulation because if you
were living in a simulation and then you
started talking about it mm-hmm and then
the creator of the simulation heard that
he might start a pandemic maybe a
problem is the term simulation yeah
because if you're living in a simulation
then it becomes your whole life mm-hmm
like is that simulated anymore like what
is that like maybe it's always been a
simulation mm-hm maybe if you stop and
think about events that take place that
ultimately all seem to be leading
towards events right when when you think
about the invention of electricity and
then the electronics of the 80s and the
90s that led to everyone having a home
computer that led to everybody having a
computer in your pocket it listens to
everything you say and takes pictures
and uploads video and just keeps getting
more and more advanced and more and more
intertwined with you being a person
until one day you enter it and you
become a part of it and it they create
something inside the world of computers
it's far more compelling than the
regular world itself but maybe that's
just the natural course of progression
and that's where life is going anyway
like maybe that's just a new kind of
life and
new dimension of life and that all these
things just come about through that they
come about through either natural causes
like you know star supernova and you
know everything coalesce --is and things
become carbon-based life forms emerge
and life becomes what it is in 2020 we
or those things figure out how to open
up new realities and that what a
simulation would be would just be
another reality mm-hmm that we were
created by some person doing the exact
same thing that we're doing right now
mm-hmm that one day we get to the point
where technology's so spectacularly
advanced that you could have a new world
that's indiscernible like you can't tell
that it's not real right it's impossible
to tell you are in that world now and
that's where you exist that's what I was
trying to convince my mother that we
might actually be in you Hoss she wasn't
buying it dude Ilana must thinks that
you must understand he freaks me out I
know I saw that on your show too if you
were talk to him no no I mean his eyes
like what's going on there man
oh yeah extra shits happening in there
yeah because when you got a guy that
intelligent and he's saying there's a 1%
chance or one and a billion chance that
we're not living in a simulation you
think okay so you just messing with me
or who was it was the gentleman's name
that I was having a discussion with ball
strim
bostrm Nick Bostrom yeah yeah that's
socially that was watching that was a
very complicated discussion huh who's
talking about probability theory uh-huh
the probability of us having living life
inside of a simulation is usually higher
mm-hmm because ultimately we're going to
come up with a simulation someday and
then when you talk about this stuff
enough and when you watch your show
which I do and you listen to these
complex conversations right and you
start thinking about it and you start
thinking about all the possibilities
what could happen and then the this
pandemic happens and then you know yeah
yes I still live in the same place where
I did the show you know as I I started
seeing you know I'm here in Los Angeles
you saw him too all the sudden you seen
Black Hawk helicopters go on by
I'm seeing Apache helicopters going by
you're seeing the Ospreys you see the
Ospreys going by every day and the first
week of this and you're thinking what's
going on man do you watch The Walking
Dead you know I I haven't watched it let
me tell you I know it's crazy Walking
Dead the first many seasons where I hear
about it now the first few seasons were
awesome but maybe even better is the
first season of the LA version of The
Walking Dead what's that one called the
first the first couple episodes of that
is spectacular yeah it's for the first
season is pretty good but it said they
did it very differently than the other
Walking Dead but you know it just like
where it people it takes a while for
people to realize what the fuck is
happening mm-hmm it sort of felt like is
that - yeah in the beginning in the
beginning oh yeah man in the beginning
it felt touch-and-go when everybody was
hoarding all the toilet paper and we're
fighting yo and everyone wants a gun the
gun lines were giant right the lines
outside the gun stores were creepy yeah
yeah were you in one of those lines
I'm not waiting in line I have a theory
about the toilet paper
maybe it's obvious but but I don't know
maybe it's not obvious I don't know so
toilet paper is big yes
so because it's big takes up a lot of
shelf space because it takes up a lot of
maybe everyone's talked about this
already but maybe takes up a lot of
shelf space so all of a sudden everybody
went to the grocery store at the same
time and there's probably far less
toilet paper than at the grocery store
then it would appear just because it
takes an entire aisle because it's big
so everybody what bought one piece of
packaged of toilet paper on the first
day it was instantly all gone it's
instantly an entire empty aisle which is
dramatic looking hmm and it was the
first sign of shelves being cleared and
it was the toilet paper was gone and
everyone went on their fucking phones
there's there's putting a running toilet
paper and all of a sudden that
compounded it exponentially and now
everyone's going for the toilet paper
and they don't need to be going for the
toilet paper and we had the great toilet
paper shortage of 2020 this is the type
of investigative reporting you do when
you're alone that makes a hundred
percent sense because it's big everyone
grabbed a can of corn everyone grab some
kind of beans but it didn't create an
entire empty aisle that then got people
thinking talking and and and tweeting
and typing and instagramming it's also
something dumb people think about a lot
of shitting yeah you don't want to not
be able to wipe your ass firfer all the
things you need like do you understand
what it's like when shit goes down get a
rag and a bucket of water okay right
wash your ass with a washcloth right cuz
shit is going down yeah all right that's
the last thing you need to worry about
is toilet paper you need to worry about
consuming food and staying alive yeah
some people don't think it's ever gonna
get to that and those are the ones that
stock up on toilet paper yeah the ones
you buy like rice and beans and stuff
like that those are the people that are
planning their legitimately planning
ahead you want to stay alive mm-hmm they
say yes you know that's right user
Haynes
corn and rice is a that's what I Ren was
a subsystem enough enough vitamins and
everything you need so sure you don't
get enough protein that way but you get
some from being oh really yes it's not
as available sometimes bioavailable as
it is in other foods yeah yeah
so he gets some protein you just got to
eat a lot yeah it's not as complete as
some forms of protein so have you been
enjoying doing the podcast since this
started obviously becomes a big subject
of conversation right do you do you
sometimes not want to talk about it
anymore I mean we could when your guests
come in is everyone always talking about
the pandemic and would agree about them
man I wanna talk to you just go with the
flow
yeah we just have the conversation
sometimes is repetitive unfortunately
yes people that are listening in they
listen to me having conversations people
that haven't heard the other
conversations right and we wind up
talking about the same shit yeah but
that's it seems like as the more I think
about doing it the best way to do is
just talk to people just have talk just
talk just think about what you would how
would you normally talk yeah you'd have
to talk about this if I didn't see my
friend Tom green in a long time then all
sudden we're here like bro what the fuck
is going on well we're just gonna ignore
it exact
because really we only talked for like
there was a couple times we were having
conversations out there we were like
gotta save it because I haven't seen you
in a while mmm but gotta talk about it
Matt we're in living in madness it's a
weird thing when you talk about
something in the hallway I told you the
story but I'll say it now I'm doing now
I'm doing what I said I didn't do but
he's dead man used to come up and do my
web show that we were talking about and
you know Johnny Carson's psychic I never
got to meet Johnny Carson but I got to
meet at McMahon that's pretty dope do
you met Ed McMahon yeah we became
friendly came did it all the time he did
it i Healy lead it like four times or
something Wow cuz he I think he just
yeah I had a curtain had a I got a shiny
curtain yeah I had a desk at the the
desk that you and I just think he felt
like it was fun for him no pressure
we're doing a little kind of
make-believe Tonight Show or whatever
that's awesome and he'd come up and I
was just so overjoyed that he was there
and we'd stand in the hallway and let's
start talking to him and he'd say I
could tell he'd get quiet was never
quiet on the show but he'd get quiet
before the show and I was like he's not
in a good mood and the first couple of
times and he said don't leave it in the
hallway Tom don't leave it in the
hallway and I realized oh he doesn't
want to have the same conversation again
and it made it a lot easier for me as
the host of the show in my living room
because then I didn't feel obligated to
talk to him either and we just sat there
in silence for half an hour until the
show starts we fucked that up a bunch of
times on this podcast not just you and I
I was trying to kind of talk about
things that weren't gonna come up I mean
like the early days of the podcast that
was before we ever all the chef's
started we had talked about all the
coolest shit yeah you know what fuck
what we're just talking about and then
you're talking about it again and you
and you know you're talking about again
and they know and you're sort of then
you're trying to pretend that you
haven't heard it before and you're kind
of doing this sort of and can't really
force the laugh but you do and then it
doesn't feel right
awkward yeah yeah but you know I mean I
look I look I love that I love the
little the little I love the rhythm to
these kinds of conversations that's
something that I really love you know
like I've you know as you know I've
loved
doing what you you do I love doing this
I love talking to people I love creating
a you know whether it's an interview or
a conversation I love listening to
people and just waiting and feeling that
rhythm of it it's something that's very
interesting to me which took a long time
to figure out and that's what's kind of
exciting about you know doing this stuff
is you do learn as you do these shows
and where else would you ever have the
opportunity in the history of
broadcasting right to have built your
own studio and go oh I'm gonna do you
know what do you how many thousand shows
of you didn't know I'm gonna do a
thousand shows right I mean you've got
more you know time as a interviewer then
anyone like in history other than the
few handful of people that had shows
that didn't get cancelled right everyone
else they got a chance to do a talk show
they get to do it for a few weeks or a
few months or a few years and then it
get cancelled well it's radio guys have
been doing forever Eastern you need way
way way more yeah that's why I'm saying
you know you're in that category of
people where you've got 10,000 hours of
interviewing time you know mmm that's
pretty it pretty it's pretty awesome
it's pretty weird yeah it's not 10,000
hours yeah how many thousand hours a
thousand something 3,000 show 1,500 show
1500 shows and the longest ones are like
well there's a few five-hour ones in
there the Kevin Smith one a couple of
them that were like four or five hours
most of them are three or under yeah
yeah was it in the early days of it okay
when you were doing in your house how
long did you love it being in the house
and then at what point did it start to
be like haven't I don't want to do this
in my house anymore well when I was
bringing over of people that I didn't
know mhm then I was like just to see us
feels awkward you bring bring them to my
house it just feels like it also feels
like I was you know I wasn't the right
setup I wanted I was like well if I'm
doing this all the time I should have
like a better setup mhm I should figure
out I do this better so for a while red
bands set up at the Ice House we did it
there we just did a show together red
Ben and I we did weekend at San Diego at
the American comedy company right like
right before this that's a great little
tool yeah I love that so bye Ben yeah I
love San Diego's
it was an awesome spot for comedy - yeah
so and then I got a place near here that
was smaller and then I was like okay I
need to I want to build something crazy
I want to build something where it's
like what would I do if I was me you
know I could feel like oh if I was Tom
Green I would set up a fucking Internet
city on my house well if I was Joe Rogan
what would I do
mm-hm oh yeah which I should have all
this shit that I want like a gym and you
know float tank sauna incredible that's
that's the most fun part about this
place is it like but you could never
have a place like this if you had like a
real company behind you
you know I mean if you have if you were
an employee like Showtime
mmm Showtime put some Tom green show
together and you're like I don't want I
want an indoor archery range legalism we
can't do that well I want to set up a
gym hold on we need everyone to sign a
waiver we're gonna enter this gym you're
lifting weights okay let me talk to the
lawyers Tom the the the gym has to be in
a separate building yeah you have to
have key cards to get into it and
everyone has to sign a release mm-hmm
you would never be able to put whatever
you want on the walls you wouldn't be
able to it wouldn't be the same and then
there's always the looming possibility
of it all being taken away somebody's
talking about on your show that was that
conversation 2007 I just put up the you
know the pictures sorry
pulling the plug on a time yeah we just
booked a bottle the new furnace a dike
called some lovely woman a dike yeah
yeah it's uh it's it's amazing but but
was there a moment though in your house
when you were doing it where something
happened that made you say this is you
know like like did anyone anyone ever
come up and not want to leave after no
no no something bad no it just seemed
like a that it just always seems like
it's time to do something new see what I
what my problem was I was drinking a lot
more back then mm-hmm so you drink now
at all I do do you but a lot less
actually I'll tell you when I started
doing stand-up again 10 or 11 years ago
I started doing it again have a drink
right now
for yeah of course a couple of drinks of
course I will
have a drink right just like drinking
yeah of course but absolutely well but
uh you know the thing is is I don't as
much anymore and back then I was your
booze a little too much so are you
saying yeah and I think I think what I
thought was I got a little too carried
away with the idea of hey we can drink
on the show right right right I remember
that we were dragging Coronas yeah
that's one of the things that people
were pointing out like you're gonna be
here yeah big hit uh-huh so crazy I bet
yeah people are so dumb they're blaming
the name of the beer on a virus yeah I
was thinking in the beginning like hey
why don't they just call it covet 19 or
something just to you know this
company's anyways would have caught
Corona just changed they had a co vid 19
at like a special-edition have some fun
with it
yeah grandpa's dead have some fun yeah
he died choking on his lone lung fluid
so I was having fun with that and but I
I feel like I feel like that maybe I
forgot where I was going with that but
the point is as a nice why don't we got
any more bottles this thing's almost
empty mm-hmm Oh whiskey there huh that's
my drink I've been drinking Bushmills oh
there's a specific type it's from
Belfast it's Cheers Irish whiskey mm-hmm
it's a healthy pour they're at school
dude awesome thank you i won't i won't
ever you have any more else Epis that's
fine so you need little sip it's not bad
for you it's been proven sorry what is
that that's a Buffalo Trace mmm this
company's been around since 1773 son oh
I heard you talking about answers I'm
talking about
look there's actual Buffalo testicles on
the label oh wow no don't make me
jealous respect I used to have two of
those
but so we're talking about drinking
doing the studio
you said you it got a little carried
away because you could drink there oh I
know where I was going with it
yeah so so yeah so so of course people
like to drink my guests like to drink to
have a lot of great guests coming up
you know sometimes we'd have a few too
many sometimes turned into every time we
had a few too many turned into it turned
into a party every night it turned into
a party that never ended every night it
turned into you know you know I remember
like we had great stories too don't get
me wrong it wasn't bad I mean I remember
Norm Macdonald would come up and I you
know I'm from Norm's from Ottawa okay
I'm from Ottawa Canada the capital of
Canada okay I grew up loving norm okay
like cuz when I was a teenager I was
doing Amateur Night they called it
that's what they used to call opening my
open mic nights at yuk-yuks in Ottawa
amateur night I'd do that and norm would
come through town he had he hadn't blown
up yet he is norm he's 25 years old he
was my favorite him and Harland Williams
jeremy hots those guys were my favorite
and so having grown up idolizing those
guys and then all of a sudden they're up
at my house and now we're having a drink
and now the show ends now the show ends
and norms having fun I'm having fun
let's go look at some YouTube videos so
now we're watching YouTube videos till
4:00 or 5:00 in the morning and then
that starts happening every night with
other people and everyone and everyone
it's like I'm wake up in the morning you
know there's beers like the floor sticky
but floor in my hell's you know I've got
a nice place right the floor is sticky
right and then and then the then the
housing crash the housing market crashed
and I was doing this thing and the tow
here's another thing okay the technology
changed and so every like few months oh
the cameras are obsolete you know the
four by three cameras don't fit in the
aspect ratio you got to get all new
cameras okay so I spend $6,000 on the
new cameras just to keep it working I've
already spent off okay and then the
house is worth like half of what I paid
for it I'm liking my underwater here and
that force and not to mention that the
floor the floor is sticky that I've
screwed things into the ceiling I've
ruined it I've ruined the house that's
worth half of what I
I'm like maybe I should move get rid of
the studio out of the house this is not
healthy but no and there was also you
know this did you want a semblance of
normalcy and didn't you want a house
well it also what happened was
cheers Cheers
[Laughter]
also what happened was um you know I I
was becoming increasingly frustrated
with my inability to monetize it okay
and because it was it just wasn't really
what people were doing quite yet and I
had people all over the world calling in
and watching me were getting a lot of
views we're what though the break the
moment when I realized something cool
was happening with the views we figured
this thing out Kat Von D came on the
show okay the you know Kat Von D yeah
she came on the show she had a MySpace
page with like a gazillion followers
this is a funny story actually I hope it
has at least we we embedded the feed to
her myspace pitch all of a sudden we had
a million views on that one feet oh my
god this is amazing
then the end of the month comes I get a
bill from the server company we hadn't
talked about if you had a million views
a bill for $40,000 they go well we
charge per clicks I mean now that's the
noon end you know we always had this
thing but now we have a thing where it's
so I mean in fairness to them they
didn't make me pay it but they wanted me
to pay it until I was crying on the
phone you know I just got new cameras
this is great ceilings got holes in it
you know I mean so they didn't make me
pay it thank you for thank you very much
to everybody that I won't even say their
name in that story but thank you to them
for that but it became a lot of pressure
financial pressure to keep it going
I'd been doing it for a long time I had
grown kind of you know that started
finding myself annoyed with doing it
and then I just one day just realized I
want to start doing stand-up again and I
just I had always wanted to write I did
it when I was a kid I was always felt
like a thing that I'd you know I was
doing stand-up I stopped when I started
my public access show cuz I got I'm a
focus a focus right so I had the side
the public access should I don't have
time to do that anymore I focused on
that right for 10 years and in the back
of my mind I was always like man I left
that on the table you know so I found
that that was gonna be my way of
monetizing my web show was I'm gonna go
on tour and all of a sudden I started I
jumped up the Comedy Store and I felt
that feeling you know that feeling and
felt since I was you know 19 was the
last time I'd done it you know and and I
and I and I did well right it was like
the fear of like Oh am I gonna bomb or
they gonna you know it was just
instantly gone and I realized shit and
then I went back and so going back one
step back them back in their dog and I
start getting booked and then I'm all of
a sudden you know six years of doing the
web show and paying for it out of my
pocket and worrying about it in Ulsan
whoa I'm I'm like making good money
doing stand-up I like this idea getting
paid to do what I love to do as opposed
to paying what for what I love to do and
so then I'd come home from the road and
the equipment was getting more obsolete
to you know it was like it was like he
was dust on it you know and they're like
the camerawork yeah you turn him on it
wouldn't work as well you know like
you'd have to figure and in and I'd come
home and I look at this house and I
didn't I I was tired from being on the
road I didn't want to turn on the studio
I thought you know I'm gonna take the
studio out of the house and I'm gonna go
focus on trying to become as good of a
stand-up as I can possibly be this is
what year what you just start it's
probably about 11 years ago so yeah and
so and then I've been on the road for
the last 11 years like you know I mean
I've talked a bit about this but I've
been going hard man I've been going
everywhere I've been all over the world
and then every every club in the US and
loving it and I
love doing it and I feel and what I love
about stand-up is I know it's it and I
I'm not sure if this is true at your
point but for me I still feel like every
time I get on stage I feel like I'm
learning something and getting better at
it so every single time
yeah me too done thousands of shows but
then how could I even how can I walk
offstage and feel like that was the best
show that's what I said the last time so
I said the time before it that's why I
said the time before but I love that
feeling of like oh there's some where
we're moving somewhere with this we're
moving and we're figuring something out
it's very fulfilling well it's clearly
something that the more you do it the
better you get at it if you're
enthusiastic and you're concentrating on
it the more you do it the better you get
at it
and the the more years you have in it's
like the more data you've processed out
how to do it right and how to do it
wrong and how to what to avoid and what
to emphasize and all these different
things they they just get to a greater
and greater understanding of this thing
so really there is a difference between
like 10 years and 20 years 20 years and
30 years and really you really do keep
as long as you really are still
passionate about it yeah we'll still get
it get better at it
da Marrero said this to me and Dom's
been doing it longer than me I remember
watching Dom on TV when I was thinking
about doing comedy he was already on TV
right and when I became friends with him
he was like one of the first guys of
those friends were sorry I can't believe
I'm friends with Dom I rera
and to this day Dom's been doing comedy
probably 40 fucking years
mm-hmm to this day he still says you
know you just keep concentrating on it
you still get better like that is the
craziest thing isn't it so you just if
you're as long as you're still locked in
and some guys like Dom are still locked
in like he still crushes see you Dom at
the Comedy Store kind of rush which is
so inspiring oh yeah with new shit yeah
yeah she walking around light-light with
the audience having a good time uh-huh
been doing it forever still loves it
still loves doing stand-up and I think
that's what's up it's like whatever
you're doing whether it was your public
access show or whether it's you doing
stand-up or maybe you become an author
whatever the fuck it is that thing you
just have to really be all in on that
thing and really be interested in that
thing and if you are you're
get better at it mm-hmm you're gonna get
better at it and just keep me you're
gonna have bad times and good times
jokes it suck and jokes it are better
and some jokes you have to Bannon
they're never gonna work you try them
like what is wrong with this I can't
seem to get let me just put it aside for
a little bit and you might come back to
a two years from now you like all that
tomato joke and then you go back and you
start fucking around with the tomato bit
again you're doing it we reintroduce to
the crowd never now man it's a it's a
like a living forest of ideas that's
what an act is it's like a life form and
it's like you you you fertilize it with
information and knowledge and and you
keep paying attention to it constantly
we in a good way to just like it's
supposed to sing to plants like pay
attention to that act like go there with
enthusiasm be happy that you can do it
and this is nothing that's gonna happen
to a lot of comics after this break come
back you're gonna be so thankful yeah so
thankful that you could make people feel
good that we can all have a night out
together yeah where you know people come
and there are dates and they're just
happy to be there and they're there
they're there to have a good time and
the comics are so happy that everybody
is there and everybody gets just a good
old love fest out of it just let's
appreciate what we had I think we all
appreciated what we had at the store but
I think now everyone's gonna really
really appreciate how special that place
is and how special stand-up comedy is
across the world it's a special thing to
be able to get in front of people and
and and make your ideas change their
physical state you know when people are
laughing about something they're having
a great time it's someone killing on
stage it changes it's like you're giving
them a happy drug when someone makes you
laugh it feels good that's why we
gravitate towards stand-up when Joey
Diaz is on stage crushing you feel good
you like that feeling that you get it's
like everything feels amazing and you
and I get to feel that all the time
we're so lucky we get to hang out with
some of the best funniest people in the
world and make each other laugh and just
joke around and hang out in that back
bar and tell war stories and just laugh
and have so much fun
and I think one great thing about this
for us is it's gonna make us appreciate
what how special and how fortunate that
is I think for a lot of other people
during this time off that have been like
on the fence about quitting what they do
I've been a lot of people gonna change
course in their career I've got a lot of
people gonna realize you know what this
could all be just taken away from me I'm
playing it safe
and even though I'm playing it safe
doing something I want to do it still
got taken away from me and I didn't even
have a chance to take a chance mm-hmm I
was trying to do this thing and do the
right thing and follow my degree and now
they're gonna go since this can be taken
away from you at any time I'm gonna do
what I want to do yeah I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to find out how to make a
career at whatever their interest is
whether it's making tents or fucking
painting whatever it is whatever making
tents somebody literally is making into
making tents to see for sure that what
they decide they want to do that though
at what point in life when their kid
camping they go someday I'm gonna make
them better one of these this thing's
leaking right now exactly they shouldn't
be leaking like this better sleeping
bags some people make better you know
those little burner stoves those stoves
that people take when I go hiking
someone goes this thing sucks I'm gonna
make a better one of these fucks make a
better one they sell it to REI and the
next thing you know it's the hot thing
if you're going camping
ya gonna have it there's some there's
some crazy tents out there now - I'm
sure you know you probably do a lot more
camping than I do I don't camp that
often hunt when you go in the hunt you
don't have new model tent I have what I
prefer to did the most miserable mom I
think the most miserable is rain cuz
cold you can get warm like I've done
Montana we did the movie in Bryan Callen
with my friend Steve Rinella and his
crew for the meat-eater show we did the
Missouri Breaks in Montana okay in
October it was cold as fuck it was like
9 degrees some days that was cold but
that's not as miserable as wet what's
more miserable one time we did Prince of
Wales which is the most rainy part of
Alaska okay yeah it's an island and it
was rough it's like all day long you're
soaking wet
like you need that
pant is wet your sleeping bags wet this
the air you see when you turn your
headlamp you go piss the middle the
night just missed this is water
everywhere everything's wet you're never
gonna dry off and it's not warm out I
love that though even though it's
uncomfortable it's I love getting I've
done a lot of that okay I've done a lot
of camping Canadian right
my dad was an army guy my dad was
Captain in the Canadian Army
so he made you go camping pretend the
Russians are coming yeah no for real
yeah it was it was serious it was sort
of used to pair it was an authoritarian
kind of thing you had to be good with
nature when I was 14 years old I got
really into skateboarding right already
been doing it but when you started but
kind of teenager somehow I don't know
how this happens but somehow a
skateboarding you equate the ability to
be able to do something like that really
well with maybe the ability to be
popular or to maybe get girls or
something if I can do a jump right and
I'm really so you just you're as I think
it's a male energy thing or like a you
know you start to feel like I've got to
be the best skateboarder mm-hmm
so I all of a sudden like you know I
don't know what kind of energy it is I
don't wanna be sexy it's a human energy
sure there's girls that are really
obsessed with doing things to be the
best of it back that up back that uh-huh
it's a human energy right you want to be
successful you want to be the best
skateboarder right so this was the
moment where I wanted to be the best
skateboarder but I was 14 and I was
still a kid but I was on the verge of
being a teenager I was a teenager if I
was on the verge of being you know an
adult you know like we have some music
playing in the background the story all
of a sudden
dad says we're I'm sending you this
summer on a canoe expedition it's eight
weeks in northern Canada you're going
out with this like group of 12 that it
was this whole organized thing was
actually an American group it was called
I member was called Lorien okay it was
an American group from upstate New York
they drove up they a group of 12 people
and they were divided into like five
groups of 12 that would go out into the
middle you know what it's like in
northern Canada it's like you know where
you're going out into Lake Kip Alois in
northern Quebec and
Canada yeah see the middle of Canada
yeah my friends live in Alberta shout
out to my friends John and Jen which I
sent me an image you want to pull it up
on the big screen Jen rivet she sent me
a picture of her fucking backyard yeah
in her backyard there was a giant
fucking grizzly bear just wandering
around in her backyard hold please look
at that
that's her Yard Man what the fuck dude
look at the size of that thing
yeah not in her yard lucky to see that
actually that's a 10-foot grizzly biopic
it is what it looks like those that
could be a ten foot that's that's a nice
thing I'd be able to see that's a big
hill it's running towards you see white
shoulders are how much muscle it hasn't
its arms I saw a small bear look the
size in the big picture beautiful what
in the Christ Jesus they have them up
there word they have to shut school down
sometimes like where their kids go to
school it'll just wander through this
fucking school yard a grizzly bear Jesus
and they're probably just used to it
I've got friend who lives in Pasadena
the bear comes down everything he eats
avocados out of his tree clearly my
friend is doing well he's got avocado
trees knows but he's ballin yeah that's
a low-key flex yeah bears eat my avocado
trees what you got an avocado there yeah
absolutely
oh yeah but you know no he talked about
him later but he's a great guy
incredible up there and I was out there
eight weeks out of you type deal kinda
well when my dad was when my dad was you
know kid he joined the cadets and he's
joined the army left school went joined
army we went back to school you got a
college degree later we just clarify dad
if you're watching but he is watching
too by the way my parents are watching
so so you know you're on oh they know
but listen so it was sort of this you
know you got to know how to be a man you
don't know how to deal with nature and I
went out and I I'd grown up fishing with
my dad a lot of fishing
never
but a lot of fishing you know northern
pike largemouth bass you know like I
like a love fishing and and I was
actually they know the only Canadian on
this tour and we'd go out into the
middle of nowhere we do it every day
there'd be a like sometimes up to three
kilometer long portage or you'd have to
take so today we're doing the portage
we're gonna take all our bags all our
food all their supplies we're going to
walk the three miles or whatever
three kilometers is that we called
portage port OSH yeah port Raj when you
pick up you I thought it was portage oh
yeah no it's French French Canadian Oh
because the voyagers right where the
French Canadian fur traders who came
down from northern Canada with the
Hudson's Bay Company selling their
beaver pelts and the port ah right so
that's funny because thinking of Portage
Avenue and Winnipeg which is a mistake
no I'm not I'm thinking of port is like
carrying hilarious if it was a Winnipeg
thing I don't think I've ever heard the
word said or said it myself
poor Tosh yeah okay french-canadian so I
digress yeah we wait but so so it was a
lot of work you know and you'd have to
carry your canoe and then you have to go
back three miles and then you have to
pick up all your food and all that stuff
it was a pretty intense thing you know
what they had was every two weeks a
float plane would come in would land
they resupply the twelve groups of
people and then everyone would go off in
the own direction so we were off there
with like you know maybe twelve people
and I don't think they would do this
anymore it was like one instructor guy
who was probably 25 years old and I was
14 with a bunch of 14 years old and you
know was fishing and you know I loved it
I loved being out there in the middle of
nowhere fishing is so fun it's such a
great feeling to like catch something
and then cook it like if you can cook it
like within a close amount of time when
you just caught it yeah Russ barks those
primal fires yeah largemouth bass you
know largemouth bass ate a lot of
largemouth bass or the year story people
but Todd people don't like eat and
largemouth bass isn't interesting yeah
yeah they were they were prevalent in
this lake we went to largemouth bass
northern pike and smallmouth which put
up a better fight than the largemouth oh
yeah
small mouths are tough
it tastes better too what's your
favorite lure work what situation
topwater lures because it's exciting
when they hit okay yeah you know if you
have a bug or a rapport Rapala
yeah you're twitching it and then you
see something come up and smash the
water that's always the most exciting to
me but I like you know I like fishing
with all kinds of lure spinners and
crank baits I used to like casting crank
baits into lily pads for bass most fun
because you can kind of pull it across
the surface of the water you see the
bass explode crank bait what's that that
might be I don't know that your bait is
uh it's got like the skirt like the
flowy skirt the lowest rubber worm paper
thing over the over the hook well it's a
what is it called it's called I think
that's called a crank I think that's
called a crank bait I'm saying there's a
little different tippet terminologies
with Canada in the u.s. too so because
like we we call it a little metal thing
like a wire sort of one side it's just I
think they would either call it I don't
think they would call it a spinner a
spinner is like a small little lure yeah
that spins when you pull it through the
water that's oh that's a crank bait okay
that's like that's like a fat lip one
that you can move all those Jitterbugs
but what are the ones where there's the
spinner on one side and the goddammit I
forget the word with it's like it looks
like like there's a coat hanger almost
all of them and a one-size these are
pretty big right
yeah like muskie and stuff I think they
would maybe he would call us he wouldn't
call it a spinner yeah just a lure of
some air bait that's it spinner bait
okay that's what it is pattern I pretty
much used spinners for bass I put a worm
on it see what that looks like oh yeah
yeah yeah I never know what to call the
hoser
yeah that's a little spinner on the end
of it I used to use one of these like
literally 30 years ago yeah I put a
spinner with with with a worm on it for
bass I like to use Rapala 's the best
fishing experience I ever had was night
time with my dad I was probably six
years old we were in a canoe it was you
know when you're up
past midnight and we're going along he
was up late that night it was maybe was
probably ten o'clock but it felt like
midnight because it was up late as a kid
and I was like literally 6:00 and we
were going along the shoreline pitch
black you know hardly seen there's like
a lot of mosquitos up there too and I
had a floating lure I think it was a
repeller it was I think was a jitterbug
they make that sound along the top and
this bass hit it it was a four pound
bass okay it's good that I got it in in
the canoe got it in we went back to
shore we where this little cottage my
parents had this little tiny little
cabin when I was growing up the
neighbors came out because they heard
cuz how excited we were
okay got it look that excited we went
back out and I got another one the first
cast so and those kind of memories are
why I do love getting out into the woods
I went then for the bass family those
memories are equally horrific and then
grandpa grandpa goes out it goes where's
my son yeah and he and he grabs ahold of
the worm to all catch and release now
whenever I fish but back in the day it
wasn't really sounds like alien
abduction does something kind of fucked
up about it it's like shooting up like a
deer and knocking it out with slingshot
to the head but then like letting it go
yeah yeah something really fucked up to
that fish yeah you're making it
vulnerable yeah well I get it I was
pushed a lot in the last few years but I
do my parents live on a nice lake up in
Quebec actually and whenever I go home
to visit them it's like being on
vacation we go out in the boat and we
catch some northern pike a lot of people
like barbless fly-fishing never fly fish
bucks without a barbs yeah they can
release the fish very easily so it never
gets like stuck inside from Jesus Christ
the whole point of the barb is it keeps
the fish on the hook so yeah they always
get off all the time you don't always
get off you keep tension on the line
sometimes you're okay but the point is
like you're you're not even pretending
you want
keep that fish mm-hmm like you just got
a you just putting a hook in its head
and bringing it out into your world and
going psych and letting it go it's like
a there's definitely some times when you
catch a fish and you hook it wrong and
you feel bad because it's not a pleasant
thing well in that case it's not as much
because you can get those barb with
barbless hooks out easier but it's just
it's weird that like most of fly-fishing
like when they fly fish for trout a lot
of it it's catching release a lot so
there's like a whole industry built
around torturing these little fish eats
that that think they're gonna get a fly
and it's just to give you that rush oh
god one a good one this is like primal
caveman rush of stripping in that line
oh my god am i condom and bringing that
fish up to the shore and thinking this
is gonna sustain you and your family
like psyche I'm going to Burger King you
ever get those moments I just had one
moment like this where I'm sitting here
and I'm looking at you you know in front
of the American flag on the show that I
watch the show all the time I'm sitting
here that's just it's awesome man yes
thanks to being a citizen American
citizen today I would just became a US
citizen and you one of us but we don't
trust you enough to be President so step
step the fuck back is not born here I
will never be president be President
unless you're born on this patch of dirt
don't worry everybody there's an
imaginary line in the sand and you were
born in the wrong side of it son
no need to worry I will never be
President of the United States I wish I
was born somewhere else I wish I could
never be President I'd like to be born
in Cuba cuz that's gonna be a lot of
work when you're president I've never
run for any office yeah but never
thought about getting in politics no
that's not my place my place is to talk
shit and be ill-informed about many
things and cause a lot of people to
discuss these things because I'm ill
informed I'd cite discussion my place is
not to lead I don't think anybody's
places to be president I really don't I
think it's a ridiculous proposition I
think nobody anybody's capable of
handling it correctly mm-hmm that's why
we don't like anybody who has ever done
it yeah nobody's ever done it we like
it's a tough suit you know you can't
please everybody so you can't you
really can't no to lose-lose proposition
if you want to be the guy who runs the
whole thing you got to please everybody
and then there's all these different
styles of running the whole thing right
that's one of the more interesting
things about America we have essentially
50 styles of running the whole thing
because we have 50 states right so we
have all these different people that are
in control of these different states and
you know we get to see how they do it
like Arizona let's just carry a gun
everywhere Oh God take a gun go go ever
we want you know and California's like
fuck that it's gonna be harder harder to
get a gun
New York City's even harder different
places let you have different laws in
terms of like Louisiana like New Orleans
you could walk around with an open
alcohol container nobody cares yeah walk
through the street in New Orleans with a
beer then drinking out that beer they
won't say a word I've had some good
times in New Orleans normal normal so
there's different styles of running
running running the whole show yeah it's
interesting and then you know with the
fact that you are under a microscope and
you can't please anybody and everybody
you definitely complete somebody yeah as
long as you're pleasing yourself right
like what you would do like don't be
offensive to you if you were watching
would you be watching this going this
corny motherfuckers bullshit would you
be watching and saying that or you would
be you be watching going well that's
probably a difficult position to be in
but in that position that guy's showing
some character he's showing some some
grace he's showing some some compassion
you know that's what you hope for but
it's you got it the hole is weird
anytime you're talking like this and in
people are listening and how many people
are listening Millions like that's the
what is that number even mean like how
many stars are there does that mean
anything to you anymore it's like well
the universe been around for 13 billion
years like you lost me
I don't these numbers are too big nice
to understand what they are yeah but
what you can control is how you would
view yourself yeah you know and that's
important for comedy too because there's
a lot of people out there doing stand-up
that don't do stand-up for themselves
they don't do shit they would go to see
they do things they think will work
they're basically like a plumber like I
need this size wrench to go onto that
pipe and crank it crank or cranky uh-huh
you know as an artist you know as
it's a fucking highfalutin word for
stand-up comedy but it's it's kind of
accurate in just in semantical terms
right so what you're trying to do is
you're creating something right but are
you creating something for you like that
you would like are you creating
something that you think the general
public will enjoy mm-hmm right so that
that comes across to like you people
whether they know it or not they could
smell weakness they smell bullshit they
smell when you're not really you're not
really tuned in mm-hmm you know if you
ever had that moment on stage where you
telling a joke but you're not really
thinking about it as clearly as you
should be and even though you're saying
the words right people aren't laughing
because they're not connected to you
you're not connected to the joke they're
not connected to you so there's some
weird shit going on
it's not just the words there's some
weird shit going on there's an
understanding of your authenticity and
the people either have or they don't
have if you don't feel authentic like
you got a certain amount of people that
are pay attention but after a while
you're gonna lose them yeah because they
know they're not okay and everybody's
trying to be locked in everybody's
trying to be authentic everybody's
trying to be out there if you're not a
sociopath you're trying to be authentic
right I'm trying to be better than who
you were yesterday it's right because we
all realize that this is a complicated
game and no one's great at it everyone's
fucking up the game of life is a mess
right it's a war zone so you're trying
to get better and so you want to pay
attention to other people that are
trying to get better and people that are
legitimately tuned in people that are
legitimately sensitive people that are
legitimately expressing themselves in an
honest way
it's very nourishing because it makes
you realize it's possible mm-hmm and
that's what we all give each other we
all give each other through these
moments of grace and these moments of
intuition these moments of inspiration
of observation of the sometimes you have
the ability to express a thought that
you didn't have yesterday I got thought
will come into your head and you'll be
able to express it to people and then
they say it and then they then they'll
say it back to you and you start talking
and you realize like oh you just popped
into something you just own this is it
it's right there I found something I
found something about myself and I found
something that maybe you could relate to
and then other people listening go
if they know you really did find
something they know you're not
bullshitting they listen to and they go
mmm
is it right maybe he's not maybe I think
differently and then they can maybe
think their own and all this shit
branches off from that but it's long as
you're authentic you can be wrong we're
all gonna be wrong but are you authentic
mm-hmm that's what everybody really
wants people say they want honesty they
certainly want honesty but honest and
stupid and unaware that son helping
anybody you want authentic yeah well I
mean that's what that's why we love
doing this right yes that's why you you
were saying you keep getting better the
more you stand up you're getting more
and more authentic you mean you're
figuring out yeah what resonates the
most with you the way you think and the
way you perform do you feel like there's
going to be and we sort of touched on
this but when this thing ends I feel
like stand-up comedians are gonna be so
happy to be back on stage and have had a
break you know because so many comedians
have been go go go go go for a year said
is this the longest you've been without
being on stage in your life I'm pretty
sure very sure now have you ever taken
take live wings off of getting on stage
yeah I've taken a little time off here
and there and I was trying to think of
how many months was there was one period
of time where I did take a couple months
off I think it was when I was moving
from Colorado to LA I think is around
2009 I think it probably came back from
that would renewed yeah I think it might
have been right after I filmed my
special to I think I filmed a special
and then I think I took some time off
after that which I like to do sometimes
just kind of reset my perspective make
sure I'm not I'm not bullshitting like
I'm talking about things I'm actually
interested in so sometimes when you're
working too much like one thing that
does happen would stand up so they spend
all their time either traveling or doing
stand-up you're not living enough and if
you're not living enough you don't see
enough things yeah the other opinion on
you're thinking about your career you're
thinking about your setlist you're
thinking about a lot of shit that
doesn't doesn't factor in with the you
know it's it's very very narrow-minded
in the sense so not only have all of all
of comedy every comedian has been forced
to take a break mm-hmm to go do
something else but also to do something
else during a crazy scary time but we're
all being forced to think about our
mortality think about the world think
about the environment think about and
then think about your fuck-ups yeah
think about ex-girlfriends apologies -
yeah yes yeah think about people that
you wish were still alive think about
things you could have done better you
could have hit the brakes faster oh yeah
times you could have been driving slower
times you could have been a little less
drunk
Oh everything everybody's ever done time
you did a thing when you were a kid you
wish it had that done and went up
sending you to juvenile home and you
know there's a lot of people that have
made these that happen to you I never
happen to know I'm just making up
Stephen King right now creating a
character but having things that
happened to you that went wrong things
you did wrong but you know when you're
when you're go go go all the time
sometimes you get stuck in a pattern of
momentum right well you don't have
enough time to evaluate and and go am i
doing the right thing I think there's a
good lesson to be learned in a reset in
that you could kind of if the world's
crazy ants this is not anything
nothing's the same now and I think we
could all safely say that when the whole
world shuts down you're not allowed to
work and everyone's supposed to stay six
feet apart and everyone outsides wearing
a mask when you get to apply like that
you can kind of agree the world isn't
the same anymore right right so should
you be the same should look what are you
doing what the fuck are you doing with
your life what are you doing when she's
tipping in terms of your friends what
are you doing what are you doing what
are you doing you're doing the right
thing are you fucking up are you eating
sugar all day like what are you doing
what are you doing well don't do that
anymore
because now you realize this is all
whether it's a simulation or not what's
happening right now needs to be
addressed what's happening right now is
if you don't have your shit together
you're more vulnerable
right so get your shit together the
Renaissance movement I read this on my
phone two weeks ago or the Renaissance
movement occurred after the Black Plague
everybody was forced to self isolate and
then what happened oh the greatest shift
in thinking and art and literature in
the history of the world plus it
probably killed a lot of people yeah
made room yeah people came out of that
and the whole everything changed after
that and I sometimes wonder if that
could happen here if we come out
everything could change in a positive
way for sure a positive way
also the through this surviving that
experience you probably feel incredibly
lucky so you feel fortunate so you feel
like you want to get things done and
accomplish things and go for things that
maybe you held back on before because
you maybe not save a fuck as much paint
a little weird now I'm not gonna do it
the way that they've always been doing
the painting I'm gonna look I'm gonna I
don't know a lot of a painting but I'm
gonna make it I'm gonna make the
painting weird now you know yeah that's
weird that's a weird way of painting hey
man I don't give a fuck anymore man the
Black Plague yeah above the fucking
black boy shot my fucking you know
wherever they lived back then drinking
homemade wine yeah banging boys they did
I don't know I don't know a lot of that
I'm sure some of that was going on yeah
it's these moments of history where
things shift and change
I mean clearly if you go back to as far
as we're aware of you know go back to
you know 1100 AD pick a spot pick a year
now compare that to now well we're
definitely better at life now right why
do we get better at life because there
was trials and arrows just like you get
better as a human we get better at life
you know what bothers me man and this
bothered me we were just just discussing
this I was like do you wonder when I see
a civilization like China that's like
completely in control they're citizens
and so old such an old civilization like
as time goes on if a civilization lasts
a long long time does it get just
tighter and tighter and tighter and
tighter control
is that what the magic of America is
what the magic of America is is that
it's only been around for 300 years
not even so like is that the thing that
you have to have a young fresh movement
of freedom and then eventually human
nature sort of fucking chokes it and
gets in a rear-naked puts it to sleep is
that what happens is that over time life
and nature human nature and greed is
basically I could you Jitsu black belt
you could defend it as you defend it for
a little while but eventually it's kind
of put the choke on you is that what it
is because it seems like all these older
civilizations when the oldest ones that
we're aware of are run by military
dictators the old ones is that because
they've always been like that because
they were like that thousands of years
ago they're like that still now they
never had a chance to make that clean
break or is it because as civilizations
go on
if long as some power is maintained
there's no overthrow of it through this
whole cycle they always get to a point
where they just try to control the
citizens it's just too difficult and I
want all the money and I want all the
bitches and I'm gonna shoot the bombs
and I'm gonna control the people let
them eat ice cream mm-hmm it's weird you
know III went to I went to China for the
first time in my life
one year ago okay strangely enough I've
never been there before
another thing that happened a year
earlier that it's perfect for your life
one year ago I did a show in Hong Kong
and so in with your show and the cancer
and the thing that I find interesting
about China though having had never been
there before
Hong Kong of course that's different
right you know it's it's you know
British colony and it's very but he sang
hi same thing I that was only part of
Communist China that went to Shanghai
right and you get there and they got a
Louis Vuitton store everybody's walking
around shopping you drive from the
airport I'm thinking it's gonna be some
driving from the airport there's big
mansions I'm like well I thought you
know I I'm crazy with Janis I was like
why yeah exactly and I'm like well I
thought I was saying to the guy that
picked me up the airport I'm his own
well I thought this was a communist how
come how come they have big mansions
he's all
it's not really the way it works and
it's sort of a it's just sort of the
economic systems not communists as I
forget it even have explained it to me
but you sort of got over there and you
realize like it didn't seem a whole lot
different to be honest with you I went
to a mall you know they had one of the
pianos in the mall anybody can play you
know I sat down played people came
arrests you know like just the same kind
of dumb shit that they got here yeah and
you know so I came back from that
thinking okay well I mean obviously I
know it's a lot different but we're also
also still the same - it's very strange
you know so have you have you been to
China or it's a Bennett I want and I've
got a China you know that's the thing
about students when we tour doing
stand-up it is that is that thing that
kind of bothers you sometimes when you
go somewhere you've never been before
and you get there and it's exactly the
same where's it ever been exactly the
same well it's like I remember the first
time I went to Australia and I was
exactly the same well you got there I
was like that within five minutes I went
to a Starbucks and well I did a USO tour
that that's a bad example a better
example is I went to a USO tour so I'm
thinking I'm going to the Middle East we
got to Bahrain what landed in a Bahrain
went to the Marriott okay and then we
said can we take him up you can take
what we took a walk
there was a Dairy Queen I ended up
getting Kentucky Fried Chicken I had
some Kentucky Fried Chicken in Bahrain
after I've just flown to the other side
of the world and I was thinking this is
gonna be so different it wasn't wasn't
that much different it sounds like you
were at a military base so well in
Bahrain we were staying at a Marriott
and then we went into Kuwait and then we
went into so where'd you get the
Kentucky Fried Chicken when you're in
town or was that was it Bahrain we
weren't on the base in Bahrain we were
in town it was whatever the city isn't
bad it's almost to me more exciting that
when you would go to a place like that
already be corrupted by McDonald's
something is something ridiculously
thrilling look I would love to land
somewhere don't get me wrong I would
love to land somewhere and deal only
with the authentic culture but there's
also something kind of weird about
flying for 18 hours and landing in some
country and ordering a Big Mac and and
seeing it being served up by people who
live in this
strange land different different than
you you know grew up in a different
environment different culture different
language different alphabet who you are
eating a quarter-pounder in the same
place it's like there's something about
it that I like when things don't make
any sense I like when things are haywire
I like when you're like what in the fuck
have you done there's something about
that that I like and I like a Burger
King in the middle of Thailand I like it
yeah I don't want to eat there I don't
want to eat there but there's part of me
that's like the ridiculous folly of
humans and their decision-making and and
and and what we do and what we don't do
I'm thrilled by it yeah I'm thrilled by
ridiculous videos of dudes getting on a
slip and slide trying to ride a fucking
beer keg down the side of a hill when
you know it's gonna go wrong I'm
thrilled by that you know this is a part
of me that I'm trying to really suppress
that I'm not thrilled by people dying
from this virus I'm not thrilled by you
if you feel ill I'm not thrilled by any
of that I'm not thrilled by anybody
suffering but I'm thrilled by a chaos
I'm thrilled by the fact that this whole
system gets thrown into a fucking just a
blender and spun around and no one knows
what's gonna get spit out and a lot of
these people they're getting you're
getting really clearly revealed they're
frauds these people that are in
positions of leadership or bizarre human
beings that don't even live in reality
like I was watching Nancy Pelosi trying
to dance her way out of saying that in
February she was telling people to go to
Chinatown hang out have a good time
don't worry about it like like what you
were doing the same thing you're
accusing the president of doing you're
accusing Trump of not warning people
well you didn't warn anybody either
everyone's playing gotcha with this
nobody saw what the fuck was coming like
I said the fucking World Health
Organization in a tweet was saying it
can't be transmitted from person to
person no one knew see this is all this
chaos of all these people getting
revealed I like it yeah I like it
there's part of it that I like I enjoy I
understand that yeah one one thing that
we have above
all the people that live before us is
that we have more access to information
we see the flaws better we see the flaws
better whereas before we were lied to
and pull shit it now you could see it
better
it doesn't mean those flaws aren't gonna
exist but those people are gonna have to
be they're gonna have to be authentic
they're not authentic right now like
when you see someone the record will
show that I was there in Chinatown to
tell people to not be racist the record
will show you can't do that anymore you
can't do that anymore we demand you be
authentic and if you made a mistake like
that like in February look man if you
were hanging out with me in February we
were barbecuing I'll be like it's
probably the flu people gonna get sick
they're gonna die but I'm not a fucking
expert
okay I'm not a politician and if I said
that I'd be like man was I wrong here's
why I thought that here's what I
wouldn't say the record will show the
reason why I said that is I want you to
not be racist to Chinese people mm-hmm
like if you believe that like this is
like some intricate plot to that Nancy
Pelosi had to sort of stop racism
against Chinese people like nonsense
right you were talking shit in the world
changed and it was the same as like was
it the Secretary of Health in New York
City well who was it that was telling
people to go out take the subway I
forget who it was but there was this
lady like write a bad call right but
nobody no the World Health
Organization's telling people it can't
be transmitted from person to person at
one point in time no one knew it's a new
thing you know where mistakes made of
course they're made this isn't who's the
perfect person in real time in the
middle of the fucking pandemic crisis
doesn't exist they don't have access to
the information to make perfect
decisions you have to have all the
information was some of it ignored yeah
because there was conflicting
information so it has to be sifted
through right is hydroxychloroquine
turns out that stuff kills more people
than not using it oops yeah whoops
that's not then there's some other stuff
what is the new stuff that the the nurse
was telling us about yam Rams vitamins
and by the way I feel good about you
feel good about getting that yeah
antibody test yes you know it's
interesting well I feel good about that
and I really feel good about I guess it
was what we're saying it was the UCLA
study that was saying that it has a much
smaller rate of mortality
than was initially thought so early
antibody testing we talked about this so
way how did they determine that is it
because because they are being tested
yes yes and anywhere people are no but
this is how to do it as they are testing
people they're realizing far more people
have had the virus and survived from the
antibody yes anybody not just far more
but on a magnitude of you know whatever
would they thought it was like 2,000 it
turns out was like 400,000 or they
thought it was 20,000 and it's four
hundred thousand is the most and through
that they've determined has a much lower
fatality rate than they initially
anticipated they were they were thinking
it was gonna be like 5% 10% fatality
it's like one half of one percent but
that doesn't mean it's not dangerous it
just means that it's not as dangerous as
the worst case scenario could have been
like if it was like the h1n1 which I
think some crazy number h1n million
infected I think but no I mean as far as
fatality yeah for yourself for certain
people's a very high rate of huh this
was not as bad as that but they didn't
know they didn't know they did do the
social distancing with h1n1 they didn't
everyone didn't go we didn't do this
whole shutdown so then you go well maybe
if we hadn't done the shutdown they're
loosely worse I don't know what the
steps were this was during the Obama
administration I think it was 2009 Bert
Kreischer thinks he had it hide he felt
worse than he's ever felt in his life I
have a friend who in December you know
had the worst flu we ever had it was a
weird flu a few friends who've had that
you know this been around longer than we
know I mean they said the first case was
in January that was in December I don't
know like who knows but Wow you know I
mean you got to take care of you moon
system folks this is number one you got
to shore up the troops take care of the
troops they're gonna fight the war for
you if you have an army and your army is
mal fed and your feed them junk food and
bullshit and you're pumping them full of
cigarettes you expect them to fight with
all they have what they have is gonna be
less ok doesn't mean they're not gonna
fight to the death or whatever but what
they have is going to be less than if
you took that army and fed them healthy
food and gave them eight hours rest a
night and you know and taught them how
to meditate and kept stress low like
legitimately and that's how you have to
think about your immune system this
same way you would think about an army
think about your immune system is this
is going to be what protects you from
the invaders and the invaders are
invisible viruses and they exist and
they have always existed and we know it
this is not a rumor this is not alchemy
this is not nonsense this is a fucking
scientific fact and even knowing that
scientific fact
beautifully intelligent people that are
some of the most creative and innovative
people the world has ever known
still ignore their own physical health
because they don't think of it as a
primary concern they think of it as a
frivolous egocentric narcissistic
endeavor to look good and work out and
nobody gonna wear a fucking tank tops
and flex your guns get the fuck out of
here I'm doing research but we all need
to take care of our bodies this is
something that needs to be like it
should be like brushing your goddamn
teeth did your teeth fall out of your
head while hey stupid
you should have brushed your fucking
teeth alright did your body start
falling apart yeah hey stupid did you do
your exercises everyday you didn't you
don't exercise every day I can't help
you you're not helping yourself exercise
doesn't mean you have to mr. Olympia
means you should be doing jump rope or
push-ups or whatever you're physically
physically you can if you have some
limitations whatever you can withstand
walk around your block with ankle
weights on do something fucking do
something man eat right do it so you
have such a huge responsibility here you
know that obviously but but because you
have so many people watching this show
okay I'm trying to freak me out Tom
Crean little so you're responsible
you're responsible for me doing this how
about that ultimately you I don't like
your kid yeah you know for Patrice used
to say that about comedians that like
imitated him they're my babies Patrice
you say like like David tells got a lot
of babies out there because a lot of
people imitating David tell but you have
a lot of babies and I'm one of your
babies
that's very nice of you to say
that's hilarious Howard Stern Stern Dean
Anthony ganged up with Terrence McKenna
I'm all your babies that is very kind of
you to say I'm sitting here on your
incredible show with everybody is
riveted by your show and when you say
something it matters which is different
than when you do a show on your you know
I do a podcast now I got a few people
listening but it's not like it doesn't
matter right that's a responsibility so
it's a responsibility of the people
listening but you're when you say
something here it will affect the entire
society you have people now who don't
believe in stay home order their own and
well they should they should they should
until the actual scientific experts tell
them that they should go out but here's
the thing right who are the experts and
are they different in different states
and I think that's one of the benefits
of having 50 states when I was talking
about the different styles of living
Arizona lets you have a gun just carry
it on your hip right
you can't do that in San Francisco right
everyone there's different styles of
living let's find out what different
styles are right way to reopen the world
we know the world's got to be reopened
okay we're not gonna just stay in our
house forever we're gonna run out of
food I have to do things right so do we
have to do things after the vaccination
and can our society survive that do you
how many people are committing suicide
right now my a friend of mine was I her
said Nick Swardson I said yesterday
sorry dang he told me was talking this
sheriff and the sheriff said they used
to deal with one suicide a week now
they're doing five a day this is
something needs to be factored in
another thing there's a there's a
Bloomberg there was an article that was
written that we're talking about the
drop in the economy equivalent to a loss
of a certain number of lives and that
every time the economy drops a certain
percentage that's equal to X amount of
lives we might get to a place where it's
conceivable that more lives are lost
because of the ensuing depression an
economic shutdown then where would have
been lost if we didn't open up if we
didn't close down anything and we just
let everybody get sick it's a it is a
complicated thing and this is one thing
that we have to really rely on the
people that are supposed to be in power
to address accurately and honestly no
one knows the right way to do this
there's some real good protocols in
place for four P keeping people healthy
and protecting each other and staying
away from each other as much as possible
and wiping thing down and using hand
sanitizer and stopping the spread yes
for sure but no one knows how to get
this thing started again no one knows
what's gonna happen knows no one knows
what the risks are are we gonna wait and
in the meantime what about the other
diseases that are still around what
about the colds and the flu and what
about all that stuff that all stuff that
you know it kills more people than any
of these things including kovat 19
projections heart attacks yeah heart
attacks killing people left and right
how come there's no like well there's no
alarms to stop people from dying a heart
attacks heart disease was number one
like the flu and all these other things
that we're all terrified of this is lack
of know first of all lack of information
not knowing I mean lack you don't know
if you can prevent this right cannot you
can't you know you know you've eat well
you didn't you look after yourself you
be less likely to have a heart attack
but you don't know if you can breathe
can't breathe in a heart and then the
heart attack thing is all dependent upon
your genetics as well there's some
people that have a predisposition to
heart attacks but what you know like
okay now just so I guess I asked this
already but like that's a lot of
pressure Joe I mean because if you say
something wrong and it's sending people
so you must do I'm just kind of curious
how much time you do spend researching
because you know you know so much
information my ass 99% of the time you
have Jamie Google things to correct me
in midstream
so is it instinct is it are you able to
see sort of the you know the the truth
through the bullshit and then you kind
of because cuz I mean please sort it out
in real time cuz you're walking to very
you're walking a very fine line then you
I think you're walking and incredibly
well and in a way that many many many
great many people are not right they
true it seems like we're in this world
now or because everything's so polarized
oh I've got to choose to say this
because that's what everyone's saying
and they're just kind of saying it
because everyone's saying it whereas you
definitely straddle that line in a way
that to me seems incredibly
a astute but also must be some pressure
to make sure that you're right
not until you start telling me about it
freaking out Tom Green oh well because
you could easily be that you could
easily be hey you should this is
bullshit go I told him he was my daddy
now being he's being like give me a
little time now he's he's basically
giving me the hard conversation I'm
curious because it's fascinating to me
thank you
how do I do it yeah how do you have you
make those determinations cuz a lot of
people have made mistakes right a lot of
a lot of commentators have made mistakes
who have said things I make mistakes too
if you're doing 1500 whatever the fuck
shows Plus fight companions and shit I
don't know Jerry MMA shows there's
another 50 of those at least right
mm-hmm 100 Jesus we're living the world
now mistake done that
that's very good keep going keep do it
again it's this like number the vast
number of interactions that most people
have with each other are positive right
most of the otherwise the world be a war
zone most of the time you deal with
people like hey I do and hey what's up
hey this the same thing as podcast the
vast majority of the stuff he do is
gonna be good it's gonna be moments
where though some guy you were taking a
left turn and he talked to you and you
said fuck you and he said no fuck you
and like that guy's got a bad opinion
you you got a bad opinion him that's
gonna happen to well that's the same in
podcast it's gonna be these moments
where things just just fall apart or go
off the rails
it's got except it it is what it is and
how do you decide to not and I I don't
feel like you do have an agenda to
change or change things in it any sort
of premeditated direction you just
you're trying to be on one people don't
want everyone has an agenda right you
can see Pelosi you you say this about
who everyone right-left right-left they
got an agenda oh I can't say this even
though I believe it because that's not
going to work with the narrative right
that that seems crazy I
I don't have an agenda yeah yeah no I
can tell you just want to be real well I
just I wanted I just want to be able to
talk to friends about stuff that's
actually happening that's it
you know but if you haven't liked the
identify have an agenda at all is I want
people to do better get me included I
mean there's one of the things that I
like to do I was possible at this point
sure for sure everything real stand-up
with archery yeah I get better at
playing pool more practice okay maybe
get better at pool maybe martial arts or
like the more you do it the more you
think about how you're doing it and more
you realize like oh there's like a lot
of stuff I could learn here uh-huh
that's what I want people to do I want
people to find things and try to get
better at them doesn't mean try to be
the best doesn't mean be obsessed with
it there's something that you get out of
trying to be better and whether it's
better physically like if you choose
just like the to develop a better like
people like look down at bodybuilding a
lot of people looked down at
bodybuilding like fucking videos isn't
it okay that's great some the sometimes
people fit the stereotype but there's
kind of something cool about someone say
I'm gonna turn my body into a work of
art I'm gonna develop a freakish
physique where I look like The
Incredible Hulk in a comic book and I'm
just gonna be walking around everywhere
with cutoff shirts on and then and you
what you do is kind of weird but it's
it's kind of interesting too we just
decide that it's stupid because we don't
do it you decide that it's stupid
because I don't want to be 320 pounds
with 28 inch arms and fucking walking
around but some people do and there's
kind of something interesting about
watching someone do that to their body
there's something weird about it's a we
writer suit at what point does it cross
that line with bodybuilding
look you know you're healthy you're
working out you're getting yeah you know
clearly I work out no but you're working
out you're all of a sudden you're
starting to go wait I'm getting close to
that line where mm-hmm I remember Joe
Piscopo no I loved Joe Piscopo
right got real jacked like what because
I was you know in the eighth grade and
Johnny dangerously came out and you know
you fire working ice holes and it was
like he was the funniest thing to me I
loved that was a great movie Johnny
dangerous I forgot about Johnny
dangerously referenced that's a
that was a fun I remember the eighth
grade we were coming at you farting ice
holes we thought it was so hilarious
because we're swearing but we're not
really swearing but then all of a sudden
he became Arnold Schwarzenegger and that
was like there was a decision that got
made there at that point I'm just
curious because you I'm not really
around a lot of the I don't go to the
gym I don't know if you were I don't
know if you could tell but I don't do
workout at home I I walk I walk a lot
you just try to stay alive pretty much
yeah
you like the Bee Gees yeah pretty much
yeah I vote you know when I'm when I'm
when I'm on the road and there's a gym
in the hotel right great song
yeah great song maybe once a month I'll
go to the gym once a month so good
number it's better than zero times a
month
what's a month on the road it's not not
the worst thing yeah zero times a month
is bad but I walk a lot and I touch my
toes I stretching strangers live in
dangers oh yeah you're alive I watched
my more than watch my what yeah and I
know you got some kind either sighs once
you get a trainer once all this boils
over yes dude to come over in a hazmat
shooting yes show you how to do burpees
I just worry I don't know what a Burpee
is it's a fun exercise you you stand
there you jump up jump up and you do
that's one that's one revolution and you
keep going any time I do any sort of
organized exercise I feel great why
don't you do it more often I need to
it's a weird thing it's like come on oh
that's what I'm talking about it's like
this weird sort of you know you got to
do it but yeah I I offered to make the
decision like because I made this
decision every time I go to a new hotel
and I'm on the road I say this weekend
and then a workout I pack my gym clothes
I put them in the thing I say okay
tomorrow morning when I get up I'm gonna
go with the champ then I get up in the
morning and then I just like go get
lunch you brush your teeth do you take a
shit I go to the gym I do just go to the
gym yeah it's like don't give yourself
an out the problem is you give yourself
an out yeah like you can't give yourself
an out why do I do that though it's a
steven pressfield's this wrote about it
in the war of art yeah it's a great book
if you haven't read it the war of art
it's a real small book I used to have a
stack of a mice to hand them out to
he talks about this thing that we all
have everyone has not just me mean
everybody that does anything has and
it's like this voice in your head that
wants you to do nothing this voice in
your head and he calls it resistance
yeah and he talks about this resistance
that is in your head and that you have
to decide that you are a professional
this is what a professional does a
professional goes to work and they they
they give in to the muse
okay the concept of the muse whether or
not it's real but the concept of the
muse is you settle in and receive
creativity almost like as a divine gift
from this magical entity the muse now
whether or not it's real is not
important what's important is it is if
you treat it as if it's real it does
work and what works is if you dedicate
your time and your focus like
realistically with a professional
disciplined effort to creativity you
show up every day like a professional
but you show up to be creative if you
just do it on a regular basis ideas will
come to you where are these ideas coming
from well his his concept was to think
of it as you are a professional and
you're getting these ideas from the muse
and this is what you do you show up and
you do the work you focus on it and
these ideas will come to you and that's
really true if you really stop and think
about it if you write something whether
it's the most brilliant thing you've
ever written or whether you're not good
at editing and it turns out to be
dogshit
you're still it's where is that coming
from man you're just sitting down in
front of your laptop and these thoughts
are coming to you and all of a sudden
you're talking about a kid who's riding
a bike and it gets attacked by a
werewolf like where the fuck is this
coming from if it's not coming from the
muse where is it coming from well it's
good for my creativity okay do you know
how to access your creativity like you
can blink no you don't you do do I
access your activity like you can lick
something or perform any sort of
physical functions repeatable no you
don't it's a non repeatable thing treat
it like it's magic but treat it like
you're a professional and you show up to
engage at the magic so every
at the same time you sit down in front
of keyboard and you start working mhmmm
and just put in the work and put in the
work and force yourself to do it you
before sit like a muscle like the same
muscle that you develop when you go
running every day and then you get to
the point where like seven days in you
start fucking feeling good running right
right so you start to feel like you're
good at it you start feeling like you're
getting better yeah because you're
putting in the time I think that's what
it is
so with because I'm very focused on so
many things in my life but for some
reason I think I'm thinking me I'm
figuring it out now because you
explained it to me because when I go to
the gym I feel like I'm not good at it
and I feel self-conscious about it of
course and I feel like oh I don't really
know what I'm doing or people looking at
me I don't know how the way puts bad
inputs right and then you don't like it
right so that you don't want to do it
again and then you're next to some
goddamn Calvin Klein model with his
shirt off right then he looks amazing
yeah yeah yeah yeah I'm feeling bad
about myself and I don't want if I don't
like that feeling so I'd rather just
yeah I do it but I do think that you
that yeah I guess getting a trainer
would help because yes you know you're
not making mistake because they're
telling you what to do they're telling
you not only they're telling you what to
do but they go to chart progress mm-hmm
and they're gonna challenge you like a
good trainer it's look it's a very
valuable resource like if you can afford
a trainer if you can't there's a lot of
great resources online on YouTube man
YouTube is for someone who wants to
learn exercise routines and wants to
learn like a bodyweight routine that
they can do just in their living room
there's never been a better time to be
quarantined you don't have to pay for a
gym membership and this is gonna a lot
of people gonna realize like hey if I
have a fucking chin up bar in my house
and one kettlebell I don't need I don't
need a gym membership okay I got gravity
boots for stretching my back out I could
do sit-ups on that thing I could do leg
lifts I can do a million different
things with kettlebells literally a
million more have atiba
have any boobs around you hang from your
ankles okay you never done that no oh my
god the hood it feels so good do that I
have a thing called it's a teeter and it
straps onto your ankles and now you
don't have to have the gravity boots
anymore it's you're on a like a plank
and it tilts you upside down you try it
right out here we have it out here in
the in the studio okay that I like even
better it's called the Dex and you hang
from your waist it locks you in curl
can't imagine having gravity boots at
home right now by myself just hanging
upside down at the deck see is better
for you
it is the Dex you don't have to hang
just you just put your legs in this
thing don't you think that one feels the
best yeah you cuz Jamie you had some
back problems when you fell
Jamie Jamie fell on the hoverboard I'm
sorry I'm laughing buddies over those
hoverboards are fucking dangerous man
those things you stand on go a little
mover to wheel things yeah well Jamie
was learning out here and we have
concrete floors and Jamie was playing
with my camera while I was doing I was
doing some shit you shouldn't do you
shouldn't do that you should concentrate
entirely on what you're doing you want
to be strapped in when you land because
you start feeling like I remember the
first time I did it at the comedy store
almost fell but my friend Tate was there
at 8 to gorilla Fletcher
he he had a hold of me like when I was
on this thing I was like oh my god
how does anybody ever get good at this
this is so crazy like I'm gonna die and
then five minutes later I was like fool
it's like a really quick thing to life
tried one once and I skateboarded my
whole life and that's still it's a
completely counterintuitive sort of
balancing thing again well Jamie was
fucked it he might have broken his ass
bone didn't you think he broke your ass
probably did okay took about a year and
a half oh yeah he was talking about
there was a kind of pain that he had
then we saw it on the video there was
like a similar injury was a critter was
in here and that's right jack same thing
that's right he went the doctors and
they couldn't figure it out
that's right it was AK bitter who is the
world record holder for a 20 well for a
100 mile run he did a hundred miles in
11 hours and 40 something minutes is
that what it is which is the most
bonkers thing I've ever fucking heard in
my life and then he ran a few miles
after that wait what did he do sir he
100 miles in a row in 11 hours and
40-something minutes ran a hundred miles
in a track hoe in the track it sir just
went circles just rent yeah for 11 hours
us distance runner Zack bidder she got
to Zack he's a fucking Savage
so instead of us you could run a hundred
miles oh I'm sorry
11 hours 19 minutes that's the record
for 40 minutes
he's amazing they're measuring that like
how many people have ever even tried
that a lot to run a hundred miles yeah
because a four-minute mile was a big
thing he did it in the hundred mile
record though that's a big commitment to
break that record crazy
11 hours 19 minutes to go a hundred
watts it's fucking bonkers that's
bonkers Wow would it I wonder if he
would have gotten a hundred miles in the
same time if he'd just been running on
the street alright I'll prop obviously
now it all depends on whether or not it
was totally flat there's a lot of
factors involved when you're running
that long like there's really savage
guys like my friend Cameron Haynes he
runs that uh moab 240s through the Moab
mountains it's 240 miles yeah through
the Moab like have you ever seen that
terrain it's okay I don't man I've heard
of the Moab where's that okay
it's in Utah Utah right okay pull up the
images from the Moab 240 so this is a
whole different thing this is not just
two hundred forty miles
this is 240 miles I love that word pull
out videos by the way like let's look at
some videos because like two that's got
to be a hilarious thing to be able to
have the ability to do that by the way
to wake up in the morning and say I'm
just gonna go outside and then you you
know you you know you know 11 hours
later you're in Connecticut you know
yeah right so this is this is the this
is the footage from the race so these
folks are running all through the night
with fucking head lamps on in the
mountains mm-hmm there's all like dirt
roads and shit weird trails and there's
I don't know how many people are in the
race but it's 240 fucking miles man it's
amazing the obscure things that people
decide to do right I mean that to me
seems obscure I'm sure it's probably
very big thing but I just watch the
movie about the
the free free free climbing movie that's
playing on the plane but the guy that
climbed Alex Honnold yeah yeah he's been
on here I'm sure yes he has Wow I know
it's like to focus on something that I
mean how many people have he the only
person that had done that is he or the
fastest to have done it or I think he's
the only person who did it without ropes
yeah yeah - so does to see somebody that
decides like I said earlier we're gonna
make tents I want to make tents I want
to climb that yeah you get to meet so
many people like that yeah that must be
fun well it's it's very important for me
as a person who's trying to figure
people out is to be able to see this
insane spectrum of exceptional people
right to see someone like Alex Honnold
who's a really fascinating guy yeah very
fascinating guy because he's really
smart he's really tuned in and he's
really mellow he's got hands like
sausage right
and this might look like like change
they've got his hands have evolved or
something I mean not these fucking the
surfaces of these insane rocks yeah dude
he was telling us a story in the podcast
of one time he was halfway up the side
of the fucking mountain he realized he
didn't bring his chalk with him so he
found some other climbers that were on
their way up that were on ropes and he
said hey do you think I can borrow some
chalk and they gave this guy goes yeah I
have an extra bag here take it
so he's fucking a thousand feet up just
hang it on finding other people were
connected to the ropes and they give him
a batteries over and he leaves it at the
top of the mountain because he passes
that up cuz he's not using any ropes
you're a fucking christ man climbing
with Alex recently it's like about March
well I heard about fall down or
something he came very close to the
system don't show me a frequent word
don't show me all freaked out got down
to that Wow oh my god that's terrible
that's not good whoo holy shit dude look
I know it's I jumped out of an airplane
with Jared Leto once
did you really yeah with Jared oh well
it was we went to Paris California
together with a group of people and I
had always said I am never going to jump
out of an airplane that was always my
thing that I said my whole life never
gonna jump out of an airplane
I'm gonna go parachuting if you're done
parachuting know exactly I was feel the
same way I still ended up doing it
because we drove out there together
a group of people and I realized on the
drive that I was the only person that
wasn't jumping out of the airplane oh
Jesus and for whatever reason my
competitive spirit got the best of me I
said there's no way I'm gonna be the one
that didn't jump out of the airplane on
the way back so we suited up and I just
done that movie Charlie's Angels okay
and there was a lot of parachuting in it
and the stunt coordinators from that
movie we're taking the cast out to jump
out if they wanted to so I went and
jared leto was there and you know my
friends were there and and I did it I
did it and I didn't regret it
but I'll never do it again it was
amazing it was exciting it was tandem
you know you have a guy you're strapped
onto a guy guys on your back right guys
on your oh yeah he's on your back he's
on your back he's on your back there you
go and that the way the craziest thing
is you go and you flip you flip and then
immediately you see the plane the plane
is filling your peripheral vision and
then immediately the plane goes from bro
get small and you realize wow that
perfectly good airplane as they say that
perfectly good airplane is getting a lot
further away and then you're and now the
weirdest part about it was this was 20
years ago now but or 18 or whatever but
you're now you're doing this right and
you kind of realize hey we've got some
sort of control because there's another
guy over there he's like kind of far
away and all of a sudden like you lean
into it and you're you fly up to him
like Superman right now you're this far
away this far away he's got video camera
head I don't know what APIs and you're
looking at each other and it's amazing
and exciting and then the thing that was
weird about is then you pull the chute
or the guy on your back pulls the chute
and now you're hanging from ropes you're
hitting your chutes open and you'd think
that would be the time where it's you
can relax but to me the one time I've
done it talking about parachuting like I
know about it the one time I've done it
18 years ago that's the scariest moment
because now you're sort of realizing
that the only thing preventing you and
you're looking at your feet now you're
looking at your feet hanging below you
and you're feeling these ropes you're
holding and so I'm holding the ropes
going these ropes give like nothing
nothing between me and it was it's
amazing experience huge adrenaline rush
we'll never do it again because our now
at least I can say I have done it right
even though I didn't ever want to have
to be able to say that now that I have
said it there's no reason to do it again
but you know who knows maybe I will end
up doing it you should jump you should
jump out of here I can't believe you
haven't actually I'm surprised you
haven't I think you got a contact house
on yeah I think you should do it I think
you would I think you would dig it if I
lived yeah got you it seems fun you got
with one of those I'm not in the thrills
like that like you get your adrenaline
from a strange way to get a thrill I'm
not trying to knock anybody doesn't but
it's a strange way to get a thrill let's
pretend we're doing isn't it pretty
yeah I get it I get it but I don't I
don't think I need that in my life
no you don't that's what I always said -
it's not necessary they ended up waiting
you know whenever you're gonna get in a
situation where you end up going out to
a parachuting thing with a bunch of
people unless you know you're you know
in a relationship and the person is
going and you go with them because
they're going and then all of a sudden
you're there and you're going like I'm
not gonna be the chicken shit
yeah you got to do what you got to do
save face yeah almost died yeah save
face people do die you know what's
fucked up about it
that's one of those things that you kind
of you do it and you think oh I'm gonna
be okay and then one time maybe you're
not and that's all it takes one of I
think it was was it red bands dad his
friend worked with a lady was it a lady
that was really in the sky diving and
she was always trying to get him to do
it and then one day he showed up at work
and she wasn't at her desk and he said
oh yeah yeah
died skydiving fuck yeah all that fuck
all that dude yeah yeah that's like
could have anticipated that you know
yeah it's enough enough enough it's kind
of how I feel about the that's why I've
been staying home you know yeah for the
whole world we just need we need to lock
in this is gonna this is gonna be the
the honey pot that gets us to enter the
virtual reality this is gonna be the
honey pot like do you want to deal with
viruses
there's no viruses in this world mmm
your soul carry on so what do I even
know what about what Edward Snowden I
believe I've been researched this by
heard he was saying that this is sort of
a an attempt to get us to get implanted
with you know biological testing have
our phones set up more to follow us as
this you know is there any sort of thing
this is a reality of human nature thank
you he's a brilliant guy any time
there's an opening for people to take
advantage of that opening anytime
there's a moment that happens where
there's some scrambling and maybe they
can gather up more power maybe they can
gather up more surveillance tools maybe
they can make it easier to do things
that they'd like to do that have nothing
to do like the Patriot Act like they did
there's a lot of stuff for the Patriot
Act that had nothing to do with
terrorism they just decided let's add
some stuff and let's control these one
of the fuckers they always want to
control people Pete it's hard to control
people and as the population gets bigger
as time goes on they slowly give in to
this idea of controlling people more and
more so they're going to definitely use
this as
a way to ensure that you know they have
some sort of extended reach whether it's
some sort of a reach to make sure that
you're vaccinated or some sort of a
reach to make sure that your your
antibodies are clear some sort of a
reach to make sure that you're not
drinking are you because if you drink
you get your immune system shattered if
your immune system fuck's up what if you
get sick and you pass it on to your
friends if you're drinking you're being
a bad citizen like who the fuck knows
what could happen once someone's
tracking whether or not you're healthy
what are you doing man
I see you've only slept seven hours last
night like what's that all about Tom all
right seven hours not a lot of sleeping
yeah do you not love your neighbors do
you want to get sick now do you sense
ortus or any been any evidence that that
is happening now that there is with our
phones specifically to do you know the
phone's tracking it is heard like I
think well the concept of it is
definitely available right the concept
of it of contact tracking is being
talked about openly and then if if a
company ensures if they figured out like
say if like there was a place you go
right this would be kind of interesting
so save there's a place you go Tom Green
you go and they give you a vaccination
once the vaccination becomes available
and you know that you now don't have to
worry about getting this thing so we can
track all the people that have been
vaccinated as long as you sign up for
the app and all the people not be
vaccinated you see them and you see them
on the app oh my god well before we
stepped in this mall let's see what kind
of shitty fucking citizens there are
that haven't been vaccinated or maybe
you're not allowed in the mall yeah yeah
and you'll be able to find them on a map
and it'll get real weird yeah it's like
it's another step a really quick step in
dragging us into the Machine and to take
away you know the the nuances of just
human life that we're accustomed to and
it become more and more digitized and
organized and people need freedom man
and if you don't have the freedom to
just be somewhere without the government
knowing that you're there like if you
haven't committed any crime you're not a
criminal and if they could just monitor
you and you've never committed any crime
that
a weird place that's weird things are
getting weird you're supposed to be
you're supposed to be following
criminals only and I know it makes it
easier for you to follow criminals if
you could follow everybody but you were
changing what everybody is you're
changing what people are if you follow
them all the time everywhere they go if
you listen to everything that they ever
say through the microphone and their
fucking phone you're changing what they
are and you're making them scared and
everybody knows it and no one wants to
admit it you're making people scared and
people do things because they don't want
censorship they don't want to be
censored they'll only yell at they
self-censor they don't want to be not in
compliance it changes their behavior mmm
and we all know that we all know that
it's dangerous to creativity
it's dangerous to authenticity it's
dangerous to so many things it's not
it's not a good way to be as a person
like looking over your shoulder people
are watching all the time it's to aware
this is too weird
it's too weird and to force the whole
and then who's got control that the
government like what some people that
got elected to a position the only ones
they get to look in on everybody well
and then what if that opens up was they
know everybody can look at it and
everybody fuck it the Information Act
we just gotta give him the evitable time
gonna watch his shit I'm gonna watch
your shit from your toaster cuz your
toaster your electric toothbrush that
knows whether or not you have cavities
is listening in while you shit not a
pretty sight yeah it's almost like we're
taking a step closer and closer towards
the digital world with this and that's I
don't I'm not a conspiracy theorist in
the sense that I don't I don't I don't
think that robots are out to get us
I don't think that the electronic world
is looking to consume us but I am
concerned with some steps that we could
take that make our life more digital to
take away too much of what it means to
be a person some what it means to be a
person is like fun there's this there's
fun and the weirdness of the world
there's fun in the danger of the world
you take away all that shit with apps
right and and alerts and you know and
like where I can't go down that Street
there's a guy down that street that was
arrested at one point in time shit like
what well you know we're gonna lose out
all the mystery of life for safety and
then we become what
would have become these unromantic
boring bullshit digital things that are
locked into pleasure sources things that
pump them pleasure because they take in
the place you know I mean really they
could do that if they could get to a
point where you wear an implant it just
keeps your dopamine levels up at a very
high high note
you get augmented reality glasses where
everybody's hot it'd be pretty cool
might be might be better than not yes
like that might be better if they lie to
you like the matrix remember when that
one dude was given into the matrix and
he's like look I just want to be an
important person don't be like an actor
or some memories right he's a steak
again no who's eating steak right yeah
maybe maybe he's right yeah it's cool
just to sit here and and and I mean I'm
just I'm just I mean thanks for having
me thanks for being here dude and thanks
for I mean that original thing in your
house
yeah no you didn't do that I'm telling
you man me and red bam we were in your
house I was like this is we need to
figure out how to do this yeah I even
talked to those guys the the Denver
people I talked to them at one point
time yeah but it just didn't I was in
the middle of doing a bunch of different
shit back then that was right before I
moved to Colorado to and I was like I
don't know if I'm even gonna stay here I
don't know what I'm doing I know you
know I mean and then I was like I don't
know if I want to do that spend all my
time doing that I want to concentrate on
the shit I'm already doing but then as
time went on I just kept thinking about
that and I kept thinking about doing it
with nobody I've kept thinking about and
I think about this for money just do it
let's just do this for fun don't do you
know if I did it with some company or
some it's like mmm yeah you could do it
with serious or some kind but it better
to just do it right just do it just to
figure out and then slowly that was the
secret spice right there
that was that's where you figured it out
right there because that has people
people see that right they can tell that
yeah and then that's all documented you
go back watch the horrible early ones
they're all available that but that's no
but because of you though you can
probably second-guess them but no you
here had this incredible energy and
you're
doing your thing and people loved it so
eating the early winter paper trip
people go back much the early ones
they're terrible stay away from them we
didn't know what we're doing but it's
also like everything else the more you
do it the better you get at it but
because of your risk-taking because you
were the guy that was willing to set up
this crazy setup in your house and
because I knew you and I'm over your
place and I'm like wow like this is you
really went deep I remember like being
around your house guy Tom Green what
have you done and I was thinking like
this might be it like he might be on to
something
well this might be the move like just do
it all yourself it's very kind of you to
say straight oh man it's true it's you
Anthony ku Mia Opie and Anthony Howard
Stern for sure the original one it's all
everybody feeds off everybody I grew up
loving David Letterman okay yeah David
Letterman when I saw him go out on the
street with a megaphone and yelling out
of his office of people I was like oh I
want to do that yeah I want to get a
megaphone and I would go stand on the
roof of buildings and my hometown the
video camera yell at people with a
megaphone Suze Letterman had one of the
best styles ever of like hosting a talk
show because he could talk to people
that were talking to him about nonsense
if he didn't give a fuck about mmm-hmm
and he would have the same enthusiasm as
if he was talking to Al Pacino
not some Academy award-winning movie he
was in yeah some some rock star like
Mick Jagger sat down there he would talk
to him with the same left he had a style
like Dave Letterman had of like he's in
on the joke style of talking that was my
first experience with seeing something
that was kind of like anti television
yes yeah more sophisticated what is he's
making fun of television while he's
making television it was and that was
completely a date of this girl when I
was 25 and she fucking hated The Tonight
Show but loved a David Letterman and I'm
like why I go why is it she goes because
I don't you know I don't want you
bullshitting me and she goes I know like
he's in on it like David Letterman Xenon
it yeah the other ones are just
bullshitting you
yeah the first first time I ever saw
somebody kind of you know goofing on the
network yes
taking the sleep basket over to the
security guard and I'm messing with them
getting in trouble
his boss you know you're biting the hand
that feeds you here but I mean the risk
that he took to do that was like real
you never saw that on TV before
everything was and he was the guy who
broke Jay Leno he he brought Jay Leno
out to the people Jay Leno at one point
time was the edgy comic oh yeah he was
the guy in the 1970s yeah he was they
everybody says it everybody who was
alive back then said he was the sharpest
comic working yeah and he got on
Letterman and would go on Letterman with
his jet-black hair and like this
sardonic wit and like sharp punchlines
and he was the fucking man back then oh
yeah yeah it's kind of crazy you know
where he's at his best for sure is his
car show yeah holy house sure I love
that show
he's himself that's it again it goes
back to what we were talking about
earlier he's authentic what Jay Leno
really is is a guy who loves cars
yeah that's there's no joke and that man
he doesn't have to pretend he doesn't
give a fuck if you have like a dune
buggy you made out of a VW or if you
have some crazy souped-up Corvette if
you have some crazy NSX from 1994 he
loves cars yeah he loves them like I've
been around the guy he has first of all
he has like 11 warehouses full of cars I
watched your episode with him actually
on his show that place was great
bananas yeah bananas yeah he just has
car after car after car
how many cars a couple hundred cars I
have no idea hundreds of cares eleven
buildings filled with car 11 buildings
yeah some of them were worth a million
dollars
to stray see scout like he's got
steam-powered cars and you see him dry
in living in LA right you know each
other you know there's Jay going buying
a steam-powered car if you live in
Burbank people look forward to that
he'll drive by on a fucking tractor he
takes cars are not supposed to be able
to grow actor I'm not kidding yeah he
put
old-school one with metal hills and he
had rubber put on it so he could take it
on the road is he doing it to be funny
though like I'm on a tractor right now
or is he just think the tractors cool
because is there an element I'm just I
don't know I don't even we would know
they usually be a reductionist to stay
one way or the other it's just got to be
so much fun for him to be driving around
in that know it really is legitimately
fun for him one of the things that I
said when I was talking to him when he
and I were driving around was like hey
man like you're you're really you when
you're doing this it's so much better
than doing the Tonight Show and having
to pretend that you give a fuck about
some teeny boppers new his new fucking
top 40 hit you gotta go wow that's
amazing
like you don't give a fuck about that
you care about 65 Corvette mhm you know
Jay Leno's around a 65 Corvette you see
Mike all the lines and you see him
looking at the steering wheel the seats
like that fucking guy loves cars man he
loves them it was bones yeah he loves
them he loves no ha that's the one with
the 454 the 70 Chevelle SS he like he
gets into the the gritty details of it
and I remember think I'm like man it was
too bad that you ever did it tonight's
show should have just done this like if
somebody had figured out in 1970
whatever that this is what Jay Leno is
best at oh my god who'd have been like
the most the greatest car man not that
he isn't right now but the greatest car
celebrity that's ever lived in terms of
like a car guy on television because
it's authentic cuz he really does love
it and he's funny like when he does that
show that car show is Jay Leno's Garage
he's so loose yeah he's like it's just
himself yeah I've watched a lot of those
shows I love that show yeah he loves it
he loves it's real and you hear stories
all the time but oh yeah my car broke
sometimes someone in LA says last week
it happen again someone's car broke down
no Jay Leno pulls over with his wife on
the road and gold-plated wrenches in his
backseat you literally break down in LA
and jail pull over and fix your car and
then take off
[Laughter]
[Music]
yeah he probably likes it yeah he loves
cars man like legitimately it's like
guys that are working as a garages he's
always got his fabricators right so his
guys are like fixed fenders and shit put
new quarter panels on a car you could do
everything it's nuts the guy loves them
loves them and he's got everything man
Mopars and old fucking Maseratis and
Jesus so you know a lot about cars so
well no no no no I know some about cars
but I don't know her to his average
guest that he has on the show
you probably was one when he went in
there and yeah he loves the fact that
I'm axle car nut I really I'm a car nut
that's a fact but I'm not a not I'm not
good I don't understand what's going on
hold on details yeah I'm not turning any
wrenches and I know I know what you got
a problem with your solenoid switch or
something any of that yeah I know what
drives good I know it drives good I like
to drive I love cars that make you feel
like you're driving them too but then
again I like Tesla - Tesla's like it's
doing all the work and that do you drive
that if you ever trimming a Tesla before
I drove I know officially that gets
Exodus I drove Harland Williams as Tesla
first of all we were talking before
about Theo Theo von and he has this
language of comedies uniquely his own
like Theo just has stuff like you see it
written on paper like what that's funny
and then you see him say it on stage you
can't even breathe you're dying right
this is a go Liam Harland Williams a
perfect example of this so hey there a
flapjack what do you say buttermilk
biscuit like but you're crying laughing
and so Harland is one of my best friends
in the world I love that dude and it's
it's surreal to me that we've become so
close friends because like I was saying
earlier when I was a kid I was his
biggest fan I was actually told him this
the other day I was telling him I have
told him this Polly story ten times you
alone I was like we were talking on the
phone okay I was telling him Jerry
clothes on uh I did he he called into my
he called in my podcast I'm sitting in
my house by myself and I you know talked
I was interviewing my friend so but I
was telling him stories like this one
about to tell you right now and you know
when I was a kid I would go down when he
would come to yuk-yuks and at the time
and this is probably not exactly a fully
accurate statement but for whatever
reason at the time it seemed like there
wasn't a lot of that kind of weird like
breaking the whole mold of comedy comedy
hmmm everyone there was stand-up and
then he was the one standup that was
really surreal really strange and silly
and so at the time it was it really
popped out for me as a goofy kid it was
kind of a weird kid you know what year
we're talking about 88 89 oh wow that's
before I met him yeah yeah back and he
hadn't come to the States yet and and
then and then I remember he was like
that from the jump huh yeah I mean he
was so he was headlining in Canada he's
from Toronto I'm from Ottawa I didn't
know him and went out win it when when I
was fifteen years old I think I was
doing the Amateur Night he was my
favorite he'd come into town and I
remember one day I went up to him at the
bar at the comedy club
15 years old some have some reason they
let us in I went up to the bar with my
friend Phil and we went up to him and I
said mr. Williams would it be okay if
tomorrow we took you out for a submarine
sandwich Oh sounds good to me
in the next day of Saturday we went out
in Ottawa took him out for a submarine
sandwich and he was I was drinking his
cocoa
thanks for the submarine sandwich there
fella
you know so he was being himself on the
inheritor he was he was great I mean he
was just it was just great yeah and yeah
it was it was until years later where I
actually got to know him where he's you
know not always like hey you know but
but so it was it was incredible to get
to know him and he's always been a
friendly guy as long as I've known him I
met Harlan I think in 94 and I'm like
what a friendly guy this is my thought
of him has always been the same with a
friendly guy he's always friendly every
time I see him I hug him I'm always
excited to see him it's always a nice
guy
he was one of those initial things
though in my mind where I saw somebody
who's seeing
I'm gonna do something that nobody else
is doing and I'm gonna be amazing at it
well you know when he figured out it
figured out how to be just he's a you
he's weird and I want to say unique but
yeah but it's he's got a weird sense of
humor but he's also really nice so like
that weird sense of humor is
intoxicating it draws you in like a
siren to the rocks mm-hmm and he just
starts talking his nonsense and he just
get sucked into the trance and it's it's
he's just figured out that like we were
talking about before there's no right
way to do it there's no right way to do
stand-up this is the right way for you
and maybe you're an interesting person
maybe you people people vary so much man
it's like it's all in like can they
figure out how to make their own unique
weirdness come through and make make
jokes out of it and some guys like
Harlan figured it out perfectly well if
you wrote it down it's like you want to
steal Harlan Williams act he'd be Foxx
and possibly you would be fucked you
would never be able to do it right
like the ovals - there's no way no one's
doing that no one you have you have to
be that guy right yeah he's figured out
how to make his own unique mannerisms
hilarious top-flight comedy I love him
and you know this and here's a guy who's
one of the most creative people I know
obviously one of them and I were lucky
to get to know a lot of people that are
like top of their field you know
Harlan's you know created a show called
puppy dog pals it's now it's going into
fourth season on Disney animated show
for kids it sounds like he's oh boy he
created this whole show it's like but
you teeth taking that energy and putting
it into your art without compromise
which is what he has always done which
what you've done you know man it's it's
it's pretty cool my fire I love the guy
I love them it's one of the cool things
about living in a place like LA is that
there's a lot of people like you in
Harlan and you know we can keep going
fill in the blanks Joey Diaz and Duncan
Trussell and all these fascinating
people
Duncan Trussell fellow
yeah so many folks
I mean we're real lucky Tom Segura Owen
Smith Bert Kreischer you can keep going
down the line yeah Joey Diaz we live in
an amazing spot there's so many bill
burr Santino
Tony Hinchcliffe there's so many
interesting people here it's a good spot
and as far as that but we're all spread
out well we need to do is buy up a
fucking plot of land and put a fence
around it called comedy town like Hidden
Hills you fucked up a gated community
for comedians yeah got pretty fucked up
in there but be fun grow tomatoes shit
so you love it you love LA you think you
live in LA for the rest of your life no
no I'm thinking about getting out now I
heard you mention that every watching
people drive man people listen there's a
lot of people that are under incredible
pressure right now financially and
that's well people are under pressure
that's when they act the most erratic I
was watching this guy yesterday he cut
in front of me and then he cut into the
left lane and he passed like in oncoming
and he cut in front of the people in
front of him and I was like what buddy
yeah what did someone mister some where
you would go where there's not fucked up
drivers though we are in a position
right now where people are under extreme
stress I'm starting to see it a little
bit on the road I'm like what is it
gonna be like when everything opens back
up again is this gonna be the best spot
mmm or is the best spot can be like a
little slightly less populated we can
look up hold back so we're ready go
let's watch this motherfucker from a
distance and you see in the distance he
firebombs and I knew it I knew people
were getting sketchy
I knew San Diego is the spot mmm I don't
know I don't know what the spot is over
the mountains of Colorado I think San
Diego is a good spot because it's it's a
city but it's not as big a city it's big
enough though so it's not it's not hick
right right
sophisticated but it's not too
ridiculous but you wouldn't miss getting
up at the Comedy Store every night but
if there's a bomb what if there's an
earthquake what if the volcano goes
photometers destroy to impact it's going
down to the yeah center of the stand-up
universe and
to having that I help my every night
whenever you want would have that
anywhere else I had it and I didn't have
it who your had it again for the Comedy
Store I had it for from 93 to 2007 then
I didn't have it from 2007 to 2014 that
I had it from 2014 to today and I'm
better off with it especially the
version of The Comedy Store that exists
now I'm definitely we are all better off
for it it's a it's an amazing place
right now and I'm committed to keeping
it amazing and doing whatever I can to
get it back to financial health and
whatever whatever we can do to get
everything rolling but I think if we had
to get out of LA for some strange reason
as long as the Comedy Store exists for
the comedians that are here I'm good I
think there's a way to not be right here
yeah I just think that right here is so
crowded hmm there's good and bad to that
you still come back for a couple months
exactly rent a house stay there do
stand-up the story go back to your the
movies to get like a nice apartment here
yeah will you come back occasionally
yeah but watch this beast from the
outside and play musical chairs
hopefully you don't get stuck here where
the music shuts off yeah yeah I think
about Lux I'm from Canada if you think
about going back I do a lot on toes shit
yeah yeah I love to run on where would
you go I'd go back Auto I just coming
off his horse my parents my brother and
old friends there and they still have
access TV back then back there brother
like you do cable access the public
access station you imagine if you did
that I've thought about it but do you
imagine how people would freak out same
studio you would get a story on Digg for
sure if calm I feel like I'd be good I'm
green goes back to cable access place
where he first started I would love that
yeah imagine if you did that yeah how
people would go nuts for that you know
it's interesting cuz it's like now we
you know we've got the internet now so
it's sort of interesting that public
access is different now right yes back
then you had to kind of talk your way
into getting in there
you know you wouldn't think you can just
get a shows you had to kind of talk
you're way into getting in there and
then once you got in there it was nobody
was watching but if you did something
weird enough her people would sort of
hear about it and we used to send our
tapes down to Manhattan neighborhood
network in New York and you know people
would hear about it and it was but it
was it was not like the internet you
know now it's almost hard to imagine why
anybody would need to do that when I was
an open mic in Boston we did some cable
access shows the same same thing I think
is your public access TV thing in Canada
that cable access shows and I think
there was some sort of a rule that if
you had a cable channel you had to leave
a certain amount of hours open for
people to just like regular people just
sign up and do things so me and a few
other comics we put together these
terrible sketches uh-huh and I'm not
sure they were amazing they went they
were terrible well they we would you
know with 21 years old and they went up
on cable access and I remember one of
you have those no no but it's not a tape
somewhere in 88 maybe you don't have the
tape no I don't have every tape really
yeah I let things go yeah I'll keep
movin keep movin keep movin bitch but I
remember like thinking while I was there
with my fucking moron comic friends were
you know just silly bitches doing this
stupid show I'm like who the fuck let us
do this I remember I was wearing a dress
just thought about some dating show
that's why you lost the tape I was I
think I was like it was like a blind
dating show so you got to find it so
stupid but it was just like it was not
funny but I was thinking like honey they
let you just do this sounds pretty funny
yeah but better better in this like me
telling it than actually seeing how bad
it really was just like there's nothing
lucky nothing bad about that but this is
YouTube now it's like YouTube is taking
that and no one saw it coming that's
what's so interesting no one saw
like a thing where anybody can sign up
anybody can create an account
anybody can upload video nobody saw that
being this thing that would ultimately
like the amount of eyes like Jamie you
would know that's more than anybody like
what are the amount of eyes that are
watching YouTube every day like what's
the total number of human beings that
are watching YouTube every day let's
take a guess Tom Crean yes number of
eyes watching YouTube every day yeah
yeah a number I don't know yes Maci yeah
I'm trying to think
individual humans are individual views
because someone watched something 10
times that kind of mean individual
humans I want the individual humans so
if it was 1 billion that would be like 1
in 8 people which seems like a lot but
but it also seems like a number that you
would imagine them saying it would be so
many views do you think it would be a
day let's just get was that might be
simpler how many views a day does
YouTube yet it's funny because I don't
know but I'm gonna imagine a see if ever
a billion people in the world seven
points on something yes so if it was a
billion today that would be crazy that
does that mean like 1 in 8 people
watched a YouTube video day or one guy
watch that's a million and one is tick
that doesn't seem unrealistic it might
be a billion I'm gonna just guess that
because a round number was a good number
yeah
alright I'm gonna go with 700 million is
this like Price is Right rules ok
September last year daily active users
is 30 million but monthly active users
is 2 billion so there are a larger
number code that use it every day versus
the people that oh I see users really
thank you people that are using it every
single day how many views how many views
I was my fuse but no we were playing how
many of us watched per day is 5 billion
Oh Price is Right rules 5 billion
billions that means is one guy 5 just
watching a billion yeah I wonder what it
lets me that's impossible there's 8
billion people in 100 possible it's
crazy
well it's that's how many people are
watching
how many people how many videos
individual people watching what we think
the number of videos the average number
of videos a person watches per day on
YouTube we say for how many the average
number average number how many think how
many you think you would watch average I
probably watch for whatever ten a day so
yeah that's not even close to that I
might watch two or three a day yeah I
don't watch a lot of YouTube I watch a
lot of I watch professional pool I watch
a lot of it's a good place to watch this
on youtube okay way better than anywhere
else it's hard to watch pool on TV it
doesn't really exist anymore yeah but
you watch it on YouTube there's fucking
thousands of videos with hundreds of
hundreds of thousands of millions of
views I use it for tips with Pro Tools
ah that's good I can't figure out how to
do something so then I go how do you you
know dude for martial arts it's one of
the greatest resources ever you know so
many people give it instructions on how
to throw certain kicks or how to cinch
up certain submissions like jiu-jitsu
alone is like is accelerated in in giant
leaps and bounds because of the in
skateboarding - oh I'm sure I'm sure
I think it sacr speed boarding Thrasher
Magazine once a week a magazine would
come out you could see a still shot of a
guy doing a trick you'd have to imagine
was now you kids are watching watching
the bring repeat and they're seeing
exactly where the foot goes exactly how
the board spins exactly and then they
then they learn it and then they
advanced on in the advancements of the
advancement you know I'm sure you've
talked about this two videos rubbing
drumming like a new young kids or that's
why you got all these young kids or like
incredible musicians cuz they go on
YouTube they see it and they replicate
it and then they improve on it yeah dude
it used to be hard to find a fucking
drumming coach they could tell you to
drum like Travis Barker you know fuck is
gonna teach you how to do that yeah I
can watch that's not on demand yeah and
I think that's with everything with
playing guitar with art there's so many
like tutorials about everything Jogja
like if you want to just do yoga at home
fucking hundreds of thousands of yoga
videos you know anywhere it's kind of
crazy like has never been a better time
to be quarantined right right you
imagine if this happened in 1990 if you
can be a self-starter or
place yourself how to be a self-starter
right now it's a good time to be
quarantined yeah he's got to be a
self-starter just got to get up and go
to work I've made a point of trying to
do things that I've always wanted to be
able to do at home in my house that I
haven't had time to talk your own cock
you know I'm not gonna say the
improvements I made in that area but
it's amazing what happens if you mike
shinoda from Lincoln Park and other
bands he's been doing live streams
showing like from start to finish how he
makes a song Wow I watched one
yesterday's like hour and a half he
started from scratch how I these are the
keys I'm using this is the thought
process I would use yeah I like how he's
color coded as his waveforms I think
that looks different yeah it's amazing
why is that cat have hypnotic eyes
that's so he was streaming it and I was
like this is the his live video from his
livestream doing donations but that's
people are following and subscribing
that's very cool yeah it's like
something like that like if you were a
kid they wanted to know how do you make
a song like I love Linkin Park how do I
make a song like Lincoln Park BAM
yeah BAM and it works now you can get on
your computer and have that Network seen
you're a part of that you understand
that right by creating your Tom green
show you allowed people to think about
streaming things from their house I bet
you were a part of a lot of people's
desire to jump in and do something like
YouTube because if you really stop and
think about it before you were doing
that before you doing it from your house
or you're doing it from that public
access station you know how many people
were doing that you're a real pioneer
Tom Green legit the Pioneers leave with
arrows in their back Joe no you know
listen I've always loved technology
that's one thing that's kind of
interesting when I was when I was a kid
my dad was in the military but when he
retired from the military after 26 years
in service as a tank commander he
continued working for the Department of
Defense as a COBOL programmer so he
learned he went took a computer course
and he learned COBOL and he would go off
and heat up the cards and he took me in
he'd show me these big computers because
Otto
the capital Canada there's the
government there and these big computers
and I remember in the 80s early 80s they
had this thing in Ottawa was called the
Naboo Network it's the weirdest thing
you would you would order it in Google
this NAB you if you don't believe me and
it was essentially a like a VCR sized
box you could rent it you would hook
your television cable into it and it was
the Internet it was basically the
internet you could talk to people there
was video games got pumped through it so
you could play like real arcade style
video games on this thing and it was
really like way advanced yeah there it
is that's it I had that and and and my
dad always got like the computers that
no one else had like everyone had a
Terry 2600 but he went got the Naboo cuz
he said no that's that that's Doug
Henning by the way the magician the
Canadian magician Doug Henning doing you
who had the who did that ads for I
remember that dude and yeah so you're
sitting there as a kid and you're you're
playing like Dig Dug the arcade game
same graphics quality and it's streaming
through your cable it's not it's not you
just you don't have a cartridge it's
streaming through your cable so you're
thinking about that and then a lot of my
friends were very advanced my friend
Phil Giroux who was the guy who drank
coffee in the window in the background
of my show on MTV there was a guy who's
my best friend he's a so we started
doing stand-up together when we were
when we were teenagers and then he kind
of had to quit when he was 17 because he
got hired as a computer engineer for the
National Research Council because he was
a computer genius so there was always
this really early sort of computer sort
of things I've always loved looking at
that technology and going okay well
what's gonna happen like so now it's
like what's gonna happen next that's the
question what's gonna happen next what's
the new technology now like what's them
what's the thing that's happening now
that's gonna be next and I don't know
what it is really but it's it's fun dead
manatees right now it's fun to try to
figure out artificial intelligence
what's the augmented reality I think
yeah I think it's gonna be something
that whether Apple comes up with some
fucking Terminator style
remember those Terminator goggles mm-hmm
something Terminator style that go look
Google glass or
those glasses just like a weird little
thing in the corner of your eyes I think
sucked I know but that like sunglasses
yeah look aviators put on some aviators
and you have a whole new view of the
world with navigation with emails with
voice calls with people with her
translucent you can see the people in
front of you so you don't stumble into
someone but you still know that you're
talking to your friend Bob mm-hmm you
see each other while you're laughing you
could split from your view to his view
you can see I mean that all that stuff
is coming man that's coming that's the
next step mm-hmm that's the next step
my real concern is that what I was
saying about earlier about if we have
tracking on our phones to make sure that
we're not covet 19 positive and like
that you're giving up too much I feel
like you're giving up too much they're
good I think people need to people need
to be you know conscious of their health
and take care of the immune system and
make sure you follow all the protocols
and wash your hands and don't touch your
face and all the things that everybody's
been saying but I don't really know if
we want to give in to that level of
scrutiny that level of tracking but will
will even notice it right it's already
happening right yes that's a question
two phones well you know you put your
email in and you know it's already
happening and we've so the convenience
right it's so convenient and then all of
a sudden everyone's doing it and I'm
doing it and good call all of a sudden
it's like baby step baby step baby step
yeah I'm so sort of like are we maybe
already there we might be when they
started planting chips in our bodies and
that's when it's gets a little bit when
you're going down to the I don't know
the clinic to have them inject a
microchip in dear this company was
putting chips and their employees arms
they can buy things at the store just by
waving their arm we go through doors
yeah so they're all getting a wallet to
get chips and I'm watching this and I've
probably watched at four or five times
since then but when I'm watching I'm
looking at them going why are you doing
like where is this going
hmm you're gonna allow a company what if
Xerox fires you and you get their chip
in your forearm mmm what are you doing
yeah what are you doing you gonna just
be walking around with that Xerox chip
in your arm what
you're gonna get it surgically removed
some Blade Runner moment I'm gonna carve
it out yeah no big deal set out on your
own cuz no one will do it for you cuz
you're not allowed to take them out if
you take the stem cells it takes two
weeks to heal it's not a big deal
carve it out what what are we doing like
listen I think if we looked at it you
know at ourselves in like 1980 and then
looked at ourselves in 2020 and said
okay well how did this attachment to
phones get so so in just deeply
ingrained in the culture without people
figuring it out it was a planned was it
too you know you get this dopamine rush
mmm from when you get positive energy
back from something positive
reinforcement back from something and so
did they know that before they made the
text messaging that every time you got a
text you get feel good and then you or
did or did they realize that as they
were going oh oh whoa look at this
people really like this people really
like this phone they really can't put it
down oh that's because they're getting a
dopamine rush every time somebody gets a
positive enter oh well maybe we should
double down on that
maybe we should create more of these or
was it was a plan from the get-go or was
it a new yeah I think it's one of those
things that people take advantage once
they realize they see it and they go oh
yeah how do we how do we how do we
double for you know the all the
Cambridge analytical stuff oh look and
how do we let's give them what they want
to see oh they're liking this they're
liking this let's lead them down this
garden path okay now I'm going this way
I'm going to yes I don't think there's a
cabal of super geniuses that are trying
to manipulate people in a way that get
them to get addicted to likes yeah I
think it's something that people
realized along the way and they took
advantage of it and I also think that
what really were what started it what
started it was people trying to figure
out how to get people to be more engaged
what's the best way to get him engaged
and the best way to get him engaged it
turns out is get him upset right and
then they figured out how to get people
upset is to like fill your feet up with
things that you engage with mm-hmm but
they're just trying to get you if you
were like really interested in in
positive
intellectually enriching ideas that's
what would be in your feet all the time
right so you're blaming them for you
having this like shitty desire to eat
Snickers bars all day ain't and mental
Snickers bars uh-huh you know but that's
that's really what it is like what
they're doing is like
Ari Shaffir did a test on YouTube but he
only searched for videos of puppies
right and that's all that YouTube
recommended right videos of puppies so
all these people like they're trolling
me they're trying to get me know you're
interested in those things yeah I'm not
interested in abortion well you're
reading about you're watching abortion
videos so what about when you start
talking about stuff you haven't even
typed it in and then you see it popping
up right that's weird I hate that Jamie
now we're just talking about that happen
a lot to these days the thing that goes
on your finger Oh - pulse reader we had
one two days ago mm-hmm and we didn't
say it out loud we didn't discuss for a
while I think I did saying I'm getting
my vitals checked yeah but I didn't say
like oh look at that thing on my finger
look at this company that makes pretty
sure I did it the exact company that
made it I got an ad for it I've got it
three times the last two hours now I
mean I I remember having a conversation
about my Toyota Krug for a second there
that what do you how do you think that
got to you my guess is it connects to
that poor whoever somebody's phone
because it's got bluetooth in it it's
connects to something so it's sending
out a signal constantly our phones also
have bluetooth on if you leave it on
looking for a device is connecting
constantly wait so wait what happened it
was listening to you know what it's a
it's a Bluetooth device that checks your
pulse
okay vitals okay okay because that is
what it is it is sending on a Bluetooth
signal and/or a near-field signal to
devices probably the person's phone who
owns it or is connected to it
right but it's also sending out looking
for other devices I mean my phone also
is looking out for Wi-Fi signals for
Bluetooth signals there's got to be a
connection there somewhere where it's
tracked how many what devices have been
logged in or connected to this within
the last six hours 12 hours I've heard
I've read about this in the past so the
possibility would be that this thing I'm
just talking about it from a moron that
this thing on your face
sends out a pulse or said it reaches out
to find out what like maybe Google
programs are open devices I think
devices how does it get that cookie into
like your Google newsfeed we start
seeing these so just like what I was
gonna pull up with this chip thing that
it's describing here our phones have
ship a cute device number mm-hmm what
they actually call it's like I don't
remember off top my head butts like that
MS ID number or something like that
you're - it's almost like your social
security number for your for your device
it's not for your phone or anybody
that's just that that device now there
are this that the data mining companies
can get that device number and then sell
it and that's how it then ends up on
your phone well they don't necessarily
from what I've heard and what I've been
told they don't necessarily know that
it's you with like your name and your
one-of-a-kind serial number they can get
there it's your number
they know that you were around that
finger thing or your phone was around
that finger thing they don't know it's
you I mean I've seen a company offering
this data to someone who wants it that
like if you wanted to target ads at
someone what they could do maybe like
two years ago is like you could find
women aged 25 to 45 in the United States
now now you could go specific as I like
to party years old wine that live in
this city you can get very specific and
they only have that data from this
ongoing collection okay and finding it
out okay I just think it's weird when
it's you don't even sign up for anything
it's just your phone starts it's like
it's listening to you right
I'm assuming it is yeah you know you're
talking about Toyota trucks and then you
start seeing them in your newsfeed yeah
I'm thinking I'm thinking of getting a
Toyota truck which happen to me I was
thinking to get a Toyota truck right
solid choice yeah very reliable
ninety-three tweedle answer call Oh Land
Cruiser yeah that's right yeah and then
all of a sudden play Oda Toyota Toyota
Toyota Toyota Toyota Toyota
mmm there's a microphone is on it really
I really believe it and you know they
always say that everyone says your
phones listening and then you go you
sort of don't believe it but then lately
more and more I really do believe it now
and then you go all do I should I turn
my phone off all the time I put it on
airplane mode all the time I leave my
phone on air is it legal to listen for
ads like how's that work
is that legal voice recognition software
it's taking your name your words and
searching them and I mean I don't know I
don't think there's laws against that
yeah but it's slippery right it's all
we're sliding into this digital world
just slowly sliding in it's listening
everywhere suggesting Tom I see you're
really in the toothpaste
yeah right yeah you want to Thwaite any
toothpaste this is the stuff and then
maybe you weren't really into it but now
you are really into it you mentioned it
once but now you're seeing it all the
time to know you're really into
toothpaste
Otis what's the what's the decision this
decision to resist the machine or is the
decision to enjoy the moment just live
your life as a one-player in this
infinite multiverse of lives coexisting
dealing with this technological
singularity that we're all moving
towards what's the decision what do you
do I think it's to be aware of it aware
of what they're doing is what it's about
taking my ass I can't believe yeah look
at it right that's what we're that's
when you're aware you're aware it's
happening and you are able to not be
completely manipulated because at least
you're aware of the yeah because I
supposed to be walking blindly through
the world and not thinking about the
fact that your phone's listening to you
or that your yeah so I'm really worried
about what the next grab is gonna be
because the next grab in order to ensure
that people will be safe from this kovat
19 it's like it's hard man once they get
some some sort of control and power over
you it's hard to give that shit up and
when we're looking at these studies that
show that it's not it's least as far as
the amount that it's been contained and
hasn't spread through the population but
the amount of people that actually have
been infected how many of them actually
died that it's much smaller than they
were fearing it would be when are they
gonna let us be normal people again
or are they ever yeah are they ever I
mean we just wearing masks from now on
do we have to wait for a vaccine like
did we decide that it's more to spray
down they're saying is it is it more is
it worse to die from this than to die
from the flu or to die from all these
other things and you know what else is
really interesting I was reading this
thing where there might be a balance you
know a lot of people died from kovat
right it's not to diminish the amount of
people that died but that because people
are staying at home less people have
died from automobile accidents that it
might turn out to be just sit money back
on my car insurance because of that yeah
and do you see how low gases gas is free
that giving you gas there's no one's
driving they pay you to fill up that's
Caddy's negative 35 everyone was driving
it would be more valuable what's the
other factors the Illuminati lizard
people well these fuck kids need to keep
it at a dollar fifty a gallon
cut the shit we're trying to rebuild
this economy you fucking greedy lizard
people that's uh there's people that
believe that right like still I was
watching that London real interview he
said he he believes that he saw
someone's eyeballs turned to lizard
people yeah you say on that one did he
say on the other one no he said on the
value tainment there's a value tainment
podcast they were interviewing him after
the London real podcast was taking up
the air and he said he saw people's
eyeballs turn into reptile I was right
and I'm like Chuck please yeah please
could have been some good LSD maybe it
were maybe did didn't really happen yeah
that's true maybe just wanted to or
maybe it did happen maybe you did yeah
yeah probably not yes idea that people
are lizards it's hard enough just being
a person just just dealing with people
people yeah no evidence of lizard people
stop let's try to figure this out
together you're distracting everybody
well this lizard talk I think we want to
believe that there's something that
can't be explained so that I've gee
the towers the 5g Tom Green right so
what's that about paying attention to 5g
yeah research flat earth in n 5g
you've probably had the flat earth
people here right this is a little
Duvall
you know Lil Duval on Instagram he had a
hilarious point that he put up I think
he retweeted somebody else's point with
his like five countries with 5g towers
and more than a hundred countries that
have Co vid 19 how the fuck do you think
right it got from there to all those
people you really think it's 5g yeah
some people do yeah some people think
it's 5g man it's amazing how things can
just kind of grab a hold on the internet
here's the question she was five Jim's
how would you find out do you think
Verizon we let you know if 5g just
started fucking people's heads up and
they start running into walls to think
Verizon be like hey guys oh you caught
us you caught or yeah you got us what
would they do if it really was 5g bad we
were trying to sting if 5g really did
fuck people up well you know I look I've
always asked myself you know going back
to just talk about radio waves
microwaves I mean I've always wondered
who he is do more people have cancer now
as a cancer survivor ago did I get
cancer because I grew up in a world
where there's radio waves and cellphones
and all this stuff in there or just
people living longer and getting cancer
I don't know I mean I don't know but do
you wonder it's gotta affect the human
body to send I don't know what is it
radio wave electronic energy through the
air than going through your body through
your cells it's got to affect it right
so so you could sort of see how somebody
might think that yeah that a stronger
signal could potentially affect the
cells in your body
maybe but but you know I go why stab why
start now let's go back to just you know
radio you know microwave ovens you know
yeah who knows who knows I don't think
so yeah I mean I think there's a lot of
factors but I think that biological
factors you know they found
in the instances and I believe they
found it in like cave people and certain
animals they found cancer and all sorts
of animals yeah yeah and wild animals
they've found cancer in them it's cancer
is a weird thing and we can't assume
like what when someone is born with
certain diseases right we don't we don't
try to make some sort of environmental
connection always to the fact that
they're born with certain diseases even
people that are living in paradise with
no toxins in the environments there's
still the weird randomness the giving
birth to people conceiving a child and
the child coming out and what everything
has to be in order all the ducks have to
be in the road and make sure there's no
diseases like with there's so many
variables man and one of the variables
is cancer and the fact that some people
get it and some people don't and some
people live their lives terribly they
abuse the fuck out of their bodies they
take all kinds of drugs and nothing
happens right it's crazy yeah I think
this is people like you they just live
normal and they get cancer and if you
didn't pay attention to it you could
have died that's just how it is the
world is weirdly random mm-hmm in that
in that sense well it's not fair
genetics are not fair intelligence is
not fair creativity is not fair there's
no fair
there's no fair and if you start looking
for fair favors in your household okay
fair is amongst your clan Affairs
amongst your loved ones fair's not the
outside the outside world is a wild
competitive battleground of ideas and
actions it's not fair it's not fair at
all and how do you prevent that
randomness from scaring the shit out of
you you can't man yeah you can't you you
just got to keep on keepin on mm-hmm
yeah there's no way you can't if you
prevent it from scaring the shit out of
you then you're not paying attention to
it right you'd have to block it out
completely if it wasn't terrifying
mm-hmm because if you were paying
attention to it's gonna be terrifying if
you're not blocking out completely you
look at the randomness of just the fact
that we're in this planet with no roof
and we're hurtling through the galaxy
and there's all these asteroids out
there and you know sometimes they don't
see them because they're coming from
behind the Sun they just fucking slam
into us and kill everybody yeah I spend
a lot of time trying to decide what
freaks me at more the infinity of the
universe or the infiniment infinity of
being dead you know
mmm like infinity of the universe
that goes forever and once you're dead
well that's forever - right there's this
no no what's stranger this would be the
scariest yeah the infinity of the
universe if you live forever and you can
breathe in space and you didn't need
food and you were just floating forever
and go see what the fuck's going on but
you can't isn't you're never gonna land
you're never gonna touch ground I'm just
gonna float through forever for billions
and billions of years without ever
talking anybody but you're never gonna
die that sounds terrifying
that might be the worst yeah that may be
way worse than dying yeah I think that
would be I mean what is worse than dying
wishing you were dead
flying forever for billions years you
know bored you'd be after the first
billion years and realized you have an
infinite amount of billion years left
where you're still gonna be alive
breathe in air with no need for food no
friends mm-hmm you know what you know
now we've been transformed by the gods
and to this this symbol of psychic
torture you're the god green that Tom
green in 2021
God came back to show us all a lesson he
let Tom green breathe in space
mm-hmm and fly on forever and live
forever right and then you you streamed
your thoughts can't land on the
classroom going around there's no
landing I'm gonna be up in space forever
be frustrating to fly right by a Greek
planet and yeah one planet looks like
Lake Havasu we're going over top you go
they're all drinking you can't go down
can you see it though how closely come
out looking you see a close enough to
jack off but then bear in the space
again yeah we may not be so bad then you
get every billion years you come around
Oh every billion planet how much is not
a daily fallacy
- 3 times daily 5 times daily
remember that movie that was about like
god dammit Porky's or Canadian it was
Porky's Canadian yeah the biggest
independent film of all time was Porky's
at the time probably it's I'm sure
that's changed now was that an
independent film interesting yeah and I
remember when I remember that because
that was my my age right you know our
age right you know when you were like a
kid and all of a sudden there was like
you could see yes I could see boobies in
a movie oh yeah that's pretty much I was
the movie to see that is the movie to
see man that was a you could make that
movie today you know Porky's yeah oh
yeah there was no chance there was some
some weird shit there's a rape fest
right I just remember some weird shit in
there for sure yeah by standard current
definitions yeah yeah there's a lot of
sexual assault wasn't there I have to go
watch it again
yeah me too well there's definitely some
peeping tom type activities weren't they
there yeah some violence there we go
whoa there's a lot of those what a great
film yeah oh yeah well we were kids
this was the shit right what year was
this oh my god so I was 14 this was the
shit dude yeah oh yeah yeah this was
this movies probably a time capsule and
there's moments in that movie where when
you're a kid and you're seeing that and
there's no internet and you're seeing
something that you've never even fathom
before and look what they did - they
made it about an earlier time they made
it they got off the hook by making is it
I don't know maybe not oh and that's
from Sex and the City right oh yeah yeah
yeah
Kate control that's wrong Kim control
yeah yeah I knew she was in this is the
scene I was gonna bring up I didn't want
to mention as soon as I felt weird
mentioning it who stayed hot longer than
Kim Cattrall you know she hung in there
strong multiple decades
Porky's 1981 son all the way to Sex in
the City go but go back a little bit on
that tone let me see those cars from the
1950s like before that when the cars are
pulling into the parking lot like look
they did it all yeah there it is so
look at those cars those are all like
1953 cars so they they did it all in an
even earlier time yeah
so they got off the hook by saying yeah
people back there they fuckin cave
people the 1950s grabbin tits yeah
spitting on their dicks and it was an
innocent time yes well it's also a time
where you could do these outrageous
ridiculous movies and people just roll
their eyes and go home
they wouldn't you know protest you have
you deep platform from everything then
there'd be the VHS of it and everyone
talked about it you're like the ski
movies it is no Scott dog yeah dog and
pastimes at Richmond High of course
vaguely know when Phoebe Cates gets out
of the pool everybody sort of paused
that rewound that video humming of aged
high school movie yeah was giant and it
was you know I mean for people who don't
remember young people I mean can you
even imagine a world without an Internet
so that was your only access to seeing
any sort of nudity right I wonder if I
think we have it best yeah because we
were born and raised with no internet
and then we found the Internet later in
life so we realized how crazy it is
whereas these kids that are growing up
today they've always had the Internet
the concept of no internet is so alien
to that mmm-hmm yeah and when you when
you don't have instant access to seeing
anything you can imagine then your mind
has to use its creativity to come up
with ideas and visualize it yeah you
know they don't have doesn't exist now
so so that was i I I'm glad I'm glad
that we grew up in that era dude we got
lucky we really did because that time
was like and no one's ever gonna get
that again you never get it again and we
lock up and the society restarts but
then you're gonna learn how to kill a
bird with a rock all right you're gonna
be starving to death right if society
resets that hard you'll be fine you'll
you know no one's gonna be fine medicine
that life is horseshit you don't want to
live that the fact that we could the
fact that we're young enough to enjoy
all the technology now you and I are
young enough to enjoy it the wou same
way young but we also are old enough to
have remembered
as adults living life without it is kind
of a luxury and we're the only
generation we're the only age group that
will ever experience that Fisher
it's a unique perspective did you have
pong as a kid yeah first video game so
yeah me too so pong which we used to
have was the most crude video game why
did I didn't have it my friend Sean
Potvin had it but you were around what
you experienced it was probably that was
great would I have been if great and I
would go over to his house after school
and I was like I remember I remember he
was like Marissa yeah what what what
you're controlling the movement of the
television there's a there's a thing and
you're controlling it yeah playing call
of duty they're pulling sniper shots on
people making their fucking heads
explode look at Jamie gets excited about
that look at them is that what you're
addicted to call of duty yes how bad how
bad is your addiction I didn't play
yesterday oh you took a day off yeah we
sweatin no i almost played i didn't a
game footage instead you just watch
somebody play for half an hour Oh a
little twitch fix is that what which is
good for watch through their eyes see
how they pull off a shot I got to commit
to turn that's how they're gonna get you
to I mean think about how big that is
video games now first of all they were
already at the borderline of being
bigger than the film industry right and
then they got bigger than the film
industry and now the film industry is
taking a big hit because people aren't
going to the movies so they're gonna
have to go straight to I phones or Apple
TV or Amazon that's what a lot of them
are doing now right does that mean we're
getting closer and closer to living
inside the machine because you live
inside that computer game it's more
exciting mm-hmm but everything's coming
for your TV now even the movies coming
through TV how's the movie going to
compete with call of duty fortnight is
launching Travis Scott's new song and
music video or something today like in
the game that made a character for him
they're launched it stop it might be
happening right now actually and not
only do you not have to leave the house
but we're not allowed to leave the house
so many people are gonna do that in
games have stand-up comedy specials in
games it's gonna be an option now it's
gonna be an options you can have an
audience you can go to
the Tom Green Theatre and you walk in
and sit down and the curtain parts and
Tom Green gets on stage and does
especially they already did it once at
the DJ and it was live he was talking
live I don't know what he could see do
you know like on his end if he had a
room with like all the thousands of
servers that were open
oh we show that that would be awesome
but they're very close already yeah
they're gonna be able to do it I've seen
360-degree YouTube videos have you seen
those we can move your cursor around
it's crazy you can like move to
different spots in the room virtual
reality didn't take off though did it
the glasses it didn't take off when they
first invented it cuz I don't think the
technology was ready but before the
quarantine there's a thing that we were
playing down the street called sandbox
and it's amazing yeah it's really good
like there's one words was a dead wood
mansion that what scroll you put you
have a haptic feedback vest on and you
have a rifle and you have these goggles
on you put the headphones on you have
things that go around your wrists and
things grow in the ankle so it tracks
your movement and then you're in a
haunted mansion right and fucking
zombies are coming running at you and
you're gunning them down and it's wild
they're dropping out of the roof and
right in front of you and they grab you
they hit you I'm see red in front of you
and you feel it on your vest it's nuts
and the graphics are gonna get better
yes their blade better now and then
you're not gonna want to leave we had
John Carmack come in John Carmack is the
guy who designed quake he designed a 3/8
3d engine for doom and quake and all
those amazing video games and then he
was working for oculus so he came in
with this the newest oculus the newest
oculus is just a headset you put it on
and it works off of an iPad you have a
headset and these two things you have no
tether there's no cord attaching you and
it has like this clearly designed
framing for your game playing area so
like you framed the room so if your room
is like out here big like a warehouse
you can walk around like 30 feet this
way and 30 feet that way and make a 30
you know foot square in 30-foot need
direct each direction and then it knows
that's the game footage and shows you
where the walls are so it gives you this
view of like don't go past here it gets
opaque and now you know and you back up
and now you're inside the haunted house
again
now you back up and you're in the alien
spaceship again it's nuts what they can
do now and when the graphics get better
and then the world gets bigger yes
that's when you don't want to leave
because you feel like you can actually
physically go explore and never find the
end of it well that was that one game
where you make universes you make
planets and worlds it's called no man's
sky but it was like a never-ending
self-perpetuating type as you kept going
it just made more I don't know if it
worked out the way it was designed or
what it was advertised but they're still
working on it and that's just one step
though to get further again that is
gonna probably be like the inspiration
for someone when new technology emerges
to take it to the next level and come up
with some other even more deeply
immersive game once they did once they
really get that haptic feedback shit
down precise we could feel someone
grabbing your tits you feel somewhat
choked you yeah you know yeah well
that's what you're into many of you
getting attacked oh if you're the game
of kicking the door and some guy jumps
and you grab crazy like you felt of
joking you mmm I got all that I mean
movies like the revenant right where
Leonardo DiCaprio gets attacked by that
grizzly bear yeah if you had a suit on
that lets you get attacked by a grizzly
bear yeah but it throws you to the
ground
yeah it's biting on you shaking you like
if you like holy fuck no it's just some
suit that figures out how to manipulate
your body the same way would be
manipulated in this video game I haven't
done a lot of that stuff but it's like
that
your mind does believe it right well if
you're walking there's the one where you
walk to the edge of the thing you look
down you get vertigo and you know you're
in a thing but your mind just see you
walk a plank yeah obviously how to plank
I think I know did I see it here or we
seen that on the about it yeah yeah yeah
you could put a board down on the ground
yeah two-by-four I saw them walk on it
and it seems like this is the board you
walking on and look below you you see
the city streets yeah I saw that
recently on the internet yeah how long
until you can fly how long until you
ride one of them Avatar dragons go
through Pangaea where is that was it
Endora penned or go through a Pandora
riding on a dragon how long
not that long man less than a hundred
years one hundred years from now you're
just gonna ship and you got to be gone
riding to be in some other universe to
be in some other world you're gonna be
Luke Skywalker you're gonna be Mickey
Mouse it's gonna happen man it's gonna
happen a hundred percent how long does
it take you know how long does it take
for that happens and will it be gradual
or will be one big leap we don't see it
coming and we're all like those Buffalo
that the Native Americans used to push
off the cliff or one of them would go
off the cliff and then the other one
fuck there's a clip but there's like a
thousand buffo behind you that don't
know it's a cliff they just keep pushing
yeah when that headset goes on and it's
way more satisfying than reality yes
we're gonna have a trouble
it's trouble because that's just gonna
the thing that's gonna push it I'm sure
that Warren that will probably be what
happens what pushes every technology you
know push streaming push the VHS push so
many things porn video on video for sure
once they figure out how to literally
and have it feel like you're having sex
with a porn star yeah like she has sex
with a guy that guy wears a headset and
then you put that headset on and it's
like they're having sex with you yeah
why leave the house at that point why
just watch avatar two or three oh no I'm
not doing it James Cameron first trying
to get me to be vegan now you want me to
be a robot but the avatar what was that
like the Avatar depression syndrome with
people like oh yeah man that was the
concert or whatever know people got
avatar depression because they went to
see avatar and they wished their lives
with that Noble they wish their lives
that important and amazing people that
happen are the depression yes was real
because they realized that we live a
bullshit life yeah and they want to ride
a dragon
and then fucking shoot bows and arrows
have been bad guys they got avatar
depression it was like a real thing
because so many psychologists we're
talking these people so many
psychiatrists we're treating these
patients that they were they just
started calling it something like well
how many guys are you getting every day
that are sad because the avatars not
real how do you do this as often as you
do the energy the mental energy that it
must I mean this is awesome I mean but
for me like I don't have to that we've
been on here from a mentally ill amazing
that's nonsense
I just found something that works with
whatever's fucked up about me
whatever's fucked about me is I'm
interested in shit I talk too much ya
know a perfect amazing look together
no it's amazing it's exciting to sit
here with you of course but to see the
genuine enthusiasm for all of these
ideas we're talking about you do this
every day you do this not every day but
you know how do you hate that how do you
keep that enthusiasm don't you have a
conversation with people a lot I do I do
yeah I just do it in here it's really
just picking who you get to talk to I
love ya I love it I feel honored to be
able to sit here I have you you just put
this much energy into this the show with
me this is amazing I'm happy to do it
and I appreciate you and I appreciate
you showing me the way yeah for real
2007 being over at your house showed me
the way I'm it's so cool you say at
Manas I just really appreciate it true
it's a class act man not everybody says
stuff like that so thank you for just at
least throwing me uh an acknowledgment
he's very cool yeah I've always been in
your debt in that regard for sure cuz I
I do really remember thinking like Tom
Green's stepping up I was like he's
going deep with this this is current and
that mate when you see someone doing
something like that like set up a whole
production studio at their house I hope
I mean you had a whole real studio like
you you you could go live
Wow like that for sure planted a ton of
seeds in my little garden you know and
you're doing it again yeah yay how could
people watch what you're doing again I'm
doing a podcast I'm doing a podcast the
Tom Green podcast so it's where you get
podcasts and I'm on Instagram Twitter
Tom Green Comm are you doing video this
as well yeah not yet I've just didn't do
an audio but I'm gonna put some cameras
on it and cuz you were show me that
light that cool light yeah so I'm
setting it up now so yeah it's really
cool like a video soon yeah yeah
beautiful it's uh I know you I know
you've got some cool lights here but
check out the rota light
yeah respect to the og thank you Tom
Green appreciate you brother
thanks for being here thank you John
everybody